That's what happened with podcasts. I remember they came out, and were a thing, but no one really listened to them much, and then BOOM, they were huge.
Board games. With the hyperrealism of videogames and the like, I NEVER would've thought this medium would get such a boost in popularity ever again. And yet here we are... and it's awesome!
Gas under $2/gallon. Once the economy got better, I figured our $4/gallon days were over. But I never thought it would dip below $2 ever again. Sure enough, it has done so several times in the last few years.
I hear measles is coming back with a vengeance.
Robert Downey Junior
Dungeons and Dragons.

At least in a mainstream media sort of way.  They've done a lot lately to promote and market the game. And honestly,  with all the technology we have,  we still want to play pretend at a table with our friends.  
Roger Federer
I don't know if this is an epidemic outside of the UK, but those goddamn [razor scooters](https://www.razor.com/uk/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2011/11/a5_lux_bl_product.jpg) I had as a kid in the nineties have come back with a vengeance. My friend was telling me her daughters school has a 'scooter rack' now. 
Tailored slim fit suits.

It's been several decades since fitted suits were the norm. And thankfully they're back. Slim fitted suits are much more attractive than the baggy suits of the 90's and 2000's
Chokers

Edit: Dang, my highest upvote is asphyxiation-related. Thanks everyone
Doom, the videogame, not actual doom.
WWII

People thought WW1 was the war to end all wars
Mickey Rourke briefly
Apple. It was basically over for them till they launched the iPod. 
Now they have enough money to buy half of the FTS 100 
Vinyl
 2d gaming 
OJ.
The Cold War
SUV's and Trucks.  Sales were falling in '07 and '08 because gas was so damn expensive.  Sales hit a low in 09 during the peak of the economic crisis and stay relatively low in '10 - '12 because gas was hitting $4 a gallon (at least in California where I lived at at the time).  Now because gas is cheap, SUV and Truck sales are through the roof.  It's like people forgot what it was like to fill up a 30 gallon tank at $4.00 gallon and only get 400 miles to that tank.
Remember the time Bobby Boucher showed up at halftime and the Mud Dogs won the Bourbon Bowl?
Rick Astley
Vacuum tube amplifiers and We are number one
Flannel
Eyebrows 
Ebola.
Skateboards

When they first got big in the 60s, they were everywhere.  But they also used ceramic wheels that had a tendency to shatter, so they went away for a few years.

Then someone developed polyurethane wheels, and they came back in a huge way.
Jason Bateman - figured his career was done after *Teen Wolf Too*
Matthew McConaughey.  See [The McConaissance](http://www.newyorker.com/culture/culture-desk/the-mcconaissance).
RuneScape.
the star wars prequels. the memes are making them relevant again.
Pabst Blue Ribbon was the shitty beer that alcoholic laborers drank until the mid-2000s, when contemporary hipsters decided it went well with trucker hats and irony. Now it's the mass-market beer of choice among the urban 20-something set.
Bed bugs.
really don't know why nobody's mentioned crash bandicoot yet
Patriots after halftime
Matt Hardy
Archie comics.
Dr. Dre

He was completely cooked by the mid-2000s and everyone had given up on him after waiting years for "Detox".  Then Beats headphones came out and he became a billionaire. Crazy 
That new Twin Peaks is pretty good.
Hebrew. That language was basically dead, but made a huge resurgence after WWII. I think I read that on Reddit. Go figure. 
Diablo 3. When it first came out that game was garbage. Grindy, pay to win, unfun difficulty curve, and nothing to do in the end game. 

I came back to it recently on the PS4 to play couch-coop with my girlfriend and they've fixed everything. It's now one of my favorite games. 

No more pay-to-win auction house. The difficulty curve is amazingly well tuned. Gear drop rates give me just enough good stuff to keep me engaged but not so much that the game is easy. And they've added a huge amount of end-game content with the adventure mode. 

I can't believe what a good job Blizzard did fixing this game.
Owl City - Fireflies
Ask this again in a few months and The Korean War may be at the top of the list
Cavs, Cubs, Pats, and Donald Trump
Fear of Russia.
Fanny Packs
Birkenstocks.

I remember them being huge in the late 90s into the early 00s. You were not cool if you wore them from I'd say 2003 to 2013 or 14? I dunno. I just noticed they disappeared *hard*, and now I am seeing them again. 
The Taliban
High-waisted shorts.

They were the pinnacle of uncool from 1996-2016 and the suddenly they're back. And they don't look bad!

Amazingly, I hear cargo shorts are slowly making a comeback 
Flat earth retards and Measles. Perhaps polio next, who knows. 
The Mountain
Dr Who
John Travolta
leo sayer
Kim Kardashian
Aerosmith. They were all but done for in the early 80s. They had a different line up and some success but nothing notable. 

By 1986 they were pretty much over and Run–D.M.C. covered Walk This Way and boom, we get animal crackers on Liv Tyler's midsection.  
Bohemian Rhapsody. It was fairly popular when it was released in 1975, but faded from memory until Freddie Mercury died. Then it was featured in Wayne's World in 1992, and now it's considered a beloved classic.
Alf.  

You thought it was gone, but it's back... In POG form. 
Family Guy.     
Some feel the comeback has gone on a little too long.  
Betty White
Leukemia

:(
Nintendo. They had some rough years with the GameCube (even though I loved it), and the Wii U wasn't very popular. At lot of people saying Nintendo should stop making hardware and focus on the games. Then they release the Switch with Breath of the Wild and everyone loves them again.
AMD CPU's. Man they're fucking Intel up right now
PC gaming thanks to indies+Steam. This has been going strong for some time, but back in the mid-2000s there were a lot of doom and gloom predictions about it. 
Communicable diseases. Thank you to those who refuse to vaccinate, even though they are able. 
Power Rangers. Even after Saban revived it after Disney killed it, it was still just kinda another obscure thing that only 5 year olds and diehards cared about. 

Then they announce a movie, a comic series, another comic series, and a shit ton of merch is in every store. Now it's not "I wonder if we'll ever see Power Rangers stuff ever again?" it's "Oh look, a Power Rangers gardening trowel."
Bitcoin!
Cher in 1998 with Believe. Her career by all accounts was dead and done. She literally kickstarted a new generation of dance music, forced vocal autotuning , and most importantly, "older artists" becoming relevant with a youth-obsessed general population again. AND all while in her 50s. 
People openly admitting too and being proud of antisemitism and racism.
Slashed faded jeans. Should have kept mine from the 80's
Beanie babies. Any day now 
Netflix. Anyone sign on when it was strictly a mail in DVD thing? 
Star Trek
They're easier with smartphones and decent internet getting really commonplace, you can stream 'em anywhere.

When they were new it was like "oh okay so I gotta subscribe and then remember to plug in my iPod so they can copy over" and that just didn't happen as often. 
I think the main reason for this, and I am talking out of experience is the fact that my group of friends and people of my age, we used to play videogames online together, because it was the new shit and you couldn't go out for too long.

Now we are all adults, but we don't have as much time, so it is best to all gather up to still play together, but at the same time, you see eachother.

Also, it seems that boardgame companies have seen the raise of the sales, and rushed to find people who would make worth time games ,and here we are :D
Yeah, well split-screen multiplayers seem to have died a death, so what else are you going to play when you've got actual people in your actual house?
I always thought board games were either short and mindless (Sorry, etc.) or long and boring (Risk, Axis & Allies). I was so wrong! I love the diversity of the gaming industry right now, and so many good people involved in it.
Gencon coming soon!!!!!
*Cries in Californian*
In europe, currently paying more than $5/gallon (converted from ~€1.4/liter)
Tuberculosis, Sweden had 835 new cases in 2015
Thanks, anti-vaccers!
Yup, also Polio and other childhood maladies that were almost eradicated in the US. Thanks, anti-vaccers!
Anti-vaccers are so stupid. Seriously if they don't want to get their special snowflake vaccinated then go live on a desert island with the other anti-vaccers
I'm 20 years old and I still caught this fucker during a crucial time in my thesis writing days. I had a vaccine for it as a baby but never got the booster shot because we didn't know. 
But at least autism rates are down. Oh wait...
And right when it was almost completely extirpated in the developed world. Fuck anti-vaxers for endangering the lives of their children, and fuck anti-vaxers for endangering the lives of those with weakened immune systems who rely on herd immunity.
I know an anti-vaxxer who goes as far to get argumentative over it without even a question. "If you you don't want your kids around mine, FINE!"

Cool Facebook update, but I don't even want your kids around my dog, so there's that. Medical science is an actual thing.
If RDJ did it, Do you think Lindsay Lohan could have the potential to make a comeback as well?
My favorite RDJ quote, "I'm allergic to alcohol. I break out in handcuffs"
That man is a Phoenix rising from the ashes.
Ironman was a huge gamble for Marvel in many ways.  I'm glad it payed off for them.
Look at me, now look at the suit, now look at me again.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is my absolute favorite movie of all time
He and Tobey were amazing in Satan's Alley.
Twitch has given people a way to see what D&D's all about. It used to be you had to have a friend introduce you and nobody had any idea what D&D *actually was*. You wouldn't be interested unless you actually played the game first, which obviously isn't a good way of spreading a brand.

Now you can watch a bunch of amazing D&D streams online. Thousands of people are able to get into what before was a very niche game after seeing what its all about.
Shout out to The Adventure Zone, the funniest D&D podcast I've ever listened to! I've never played D&D but I really want to now!!
it's not despite the technology -- it's in fact a great incentive to leave the house and have a beer among friends like we used to.
This is something I missed out on when I was younger, and I'm pretty sad about that sometimes. I feel like I would have really enjoyed it, as long as I didn't fall victim to the stigma around it (especially back then). 

Now that I'm older, arranging those things is basically impossible since all of my friend has moved away.
Dude's having a great year.  Looking good for the US Open too.
He is incredible. The thing is the stuff he has done since recovering from his injuries in 2013 to 2016 is more than most players do their entire careers.

He has been on fire in 17. 
Best thing about tennis, if you were a fan 10 years ago and stopped watching, you could get back into it without really needing to learn any new players. 
I love Roger Federer, and it hurts me to say that I was one of the people who thought he was done for.  I still thought he was deservedly a top 5 player, but the days of winning majors were over.

I've never been so glad to be wrong.

Also, supposedly Roger Federer is the most trusted person on earth.  
This dude is something else. Great career
He won Wimbeldon so quick that we got the 13th Doctor announcement two hours early. For that I will be forever greatful.
In the UK here, but I see people in their 40's taking them on the train, riding them on either end of the journey. The really funny ones are in suits/pantsuits, wearing backpacks and helmets.

I honestly can't deal with it.
Those were popular in late 2000s when I was in elementary school. Don't think it's a comeback. 
I think this photo perfectly encapsulates this: https://i.redd.it/kqoy0mbp4g5z.jpg


not for barrel chested, broad shouldered gentlemen.
Actually slim fit suits came back in the 2000's when Hedi Slimane took over Dior and now they're beginning to go out for more reasonably tailored suits. Think 60s with 50s lapels and a slightly generous cut.
90s fashion coming back around!  I'm even seeing those two knob/spiral pigtail hair thingies...I don't know what it's called.
I was so excited! It's, like, the only thing from my teenage years that I can legitimately get back into. I'm not doing the stacked sneakers or glitter makeup, but chokers? Yeah.
I seriously love when a chick wears a choker
Something something Washington Capitals
Thank God for that
I found a picture of 1999 and my little sister who's 12 sees I'm wearing a choker and she flips tf out.  I was 7 in the picture and I had a bowl cut and a choker, I slated 1999.

The Doom of Valyria
Likely the best video game of 2016. I just wish it was halo-style multi-player.
Ferdinand Foch knew what was up. ["This is not a peace. It is an armistice for twenty years."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferdinand_Foch) Then WWII started 20 years later.
Then why did they name it World War 1? /s
The Wrestler was incredible. Then he basically disappeared again.
I think it was the iMac that kind of got them re-started
I sold apple stock at six dollars in 2000 because it wasn't going anywhere. :(
I love that this post is a single word, Vinyl, and yet it sparked some really angry debates. I'll be honest, I get both sides. I've got a fairly big collection, between 600 and 700 LPs (nothing compared to many) and yet I feel it can have a toxic level of pretentiousness around it.

In spite of my love for the format, I stay away from r/vinyl. I went there for advice before a while back under a different username and got a lot of really snobby responses. Because my record player wasn't good enough for their standards "Maybe vinyl isn't for you" and "Go back to Spotify and earbuds." I love vinyl for my own reasons and think everyone needs to mellow out and just enjoy the music however they're taking it in.

Back on topic, it's soul crushing to me to think of all the records my dad sold at yard sales back in the late 90s. It was a 'dead format' so a quarter a piece. So many of those records he sold could now go for $20-$50 a piece and more than that... I want them in my collection. 

Edit: Nobody called me out on it, yet, but I just wanted to say there are some really cool people on r/vinyl. I hate it when people call out a whole community... like I did above. You should totally check that subreddit out, just ignore the h8erZ!

Edit II: I can't believe I missed my own 'dad joke' of "I get both sides."  
Ugg, nothing worse in the summer than vinyl seats.
Orange Juice was always a thing. 
Those capitalist pigs finally paid for...
Austin, We won. 

NK is just starting Cold War 2: Electric Boogaloo
Да, товарищ. Правда.
I remember putting $10 of gas into my car and when I told the cashier my pump number he asked if I was getting gas for my mower. Those were dark times...
4 $ per gallon was a lot?? Here in Belgium it's currently 5.6 dollar per gallon... (1.25 euro/litre)
New trucks are also a lot nicer nowadays. Trucks used to be mostly utility vehicles. But my dad has a 2016 GMC Sierra and that thing is nicer than some Cadillac's I've been in.  
I think the crossover brought SUV's back into vogue, being something of a jack-of-all-trades compromise: Fuel economy closer to cars, appearance/lift similar to a full-size SUV, many of them with 4WD/AWD, convenience of a hatchback/fold-down 2nd row, as easy to drive as a car.
$4 US a gallon. Over here in New Zealand its $1.71 a litre where I live (and up to $2/L in some places I've been through) granted thats for 91 octane which is our cheap fuel, doesnt a lot of places in america have like 85 or 87 as their cheap gas and 91 is supposed to be premium or something?
SUVs are noticeably more expensive than cars (sometimes in a good way in that they hold their value as much as a vehicle can) and some are just by-passing getting a car in general. Also, I have this feeling that once you drive an SUV or a truck (even if it is borrowing someone else's) you never want to go back to a car. 
Now that's high quality H20
My Mama says that alligators are ornery because they got all them teeth and no toothbrush.
"Bobby, they ever catch that gorilla that busted outta the zoo and punched you in the eye?"

"No momma, the search continues."
*boybin bowl
Ya rembbrr the tiiiee bobby bouchee ohnlevieequaaleeroonoononleroo onnledpaylbyplay queononteoo bobby bouchee tiieeemm
Sorry, not a foosball fan.
Last game of the year Brett, can't hold anything back now! 
That's because they didn't hold anything back
We all know he was never gonna' let us down.
And Robbie Rotten's cancer :C
I'm Canadian. 

It never went away here. 

And hopefully, never will. 

So comfy. So warm. 
I think flannel has always been around, but just in different states of wear and tear. I feel like it goes from; brand new, to open front, to holes, then patching the holes, to falling apart, and then using that to patch your other 10 year old flannel. 
Wait, you're telling me I can stop shaving my eyebrows now?
Emilia Clark, Emma Watson, Cara Delivine 
Small pox soon will, thanks to Jenny Mccarthy.  
There's a great 99% Invisible episode that this is a major point in. Came out a few weeks ago.
> figured his career was done after *Teen Wolf Too*

*[Ron Howard voiceover]*

"It wasn't."
He was great in Ozark. My friend was an extra when they actually filmed in MO though, and said that he looks about 20 lbs. lighter off-screen and is addicted to coke right now.
You could say he went on a McConaissance mission.


>The McConaissance.

i don't know why that's so funny
Did it though 
Really? That's good to hear. I spent years on that game ignoring my boyfriend at the time. It was a great time in my life. 
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
I really like the conspiracy theory that Disney created prequel memes in an attempt to make us all nostalgic for 3 movies, at best we were disappointed with, at worst we fucking hated.
After reading Darth Plagueis, I feel that the prequels have been redeemed a bit.
> Now it's the mass-market beer of choice among the urban 20-something set.

A lot of this is based on price. Where I live PBR is normally the cheapest beer on the menu, so that normally makes my mind up for me. The bar I go to most often sold PBR's on draft for $2 and everything else was $3 or more. Well they had a thing with the distributor and no longer have PBR. They replaced it with Narragansett and now that is what I drink.
Idk man, while it isn't a gourmet beer it's definitely the best thing in its price bracket. 
Heineken? Fuck that shit! PABST BLUE RIBBON!
Clint Eastwood drinks Pabst so I do too. 
As a pest control guy, I can tell you with great confidence that they're seemingly going away again. We had a massive surge over the past decade, but they're becoming less and less of a problem outside of low-income housing.
WOAH
I'm not sure a remake necessarily counts as a comeback. If they make new games that are good, then we can call it a comeback. 
That turned what looked like a boring Superbowl into one of the best I've seen. I just wish I hadn't gotten so drunk so early.
Everyone on [twitter](http://thecomeback.com/freezingcoldtakes/nfl/tweets-patriots-losing-first-3-quarters-super-bowl-51.html) and [reddit](http://imgur.com/a/s70c7) thought it was over
Red Sox against the Yankees in 2004 AL playoffs
As a pats fan... i agree... also pre-season starts today!
**NO WHERE IS SAFE**
I never thought there would come a time when Matt Hardy is more popular than Jeff.
DELETE
DELIGHTFUL
Is it odd that I find so many of their newer offerings to be really, really good?  Like they captured the old magic and updated it somehow.
Can anyone who is into Archie comics explain the appeal?  I just don't understand it.  I've read that young girls like them because of the fashions that the female characters wear, but I just don't know if that is true or how it would be enough to sustain the business.
That's debatable... Dre's strength was always more as a producer than as a rapper. He produced Get Rich or Die Trying in 2003, and that album went 6x Platinum. 
Rise of Slim didn't hurt either.
did you watch the defiant ones on HBO - must watch
Probably because every rapper is obligated to namedrop him at least every 5 minutes
Yeah, especially all the people who forgot about Dre
That gum you like is going to come back in style... 
Well, she did say "See you in 25 years."
"I. AM. NOT. YOUR. FOOT."

Discount warsong gulch
Dead is kind of misleading...Jewish kids were taught Hebrew for worshipping purposes throughout Europe, but you didn't speak it, you mostly spoke your native language or Yiddish. 

It's kind of how you could say Latin is a dead language, but many people are learning Latin to this day because it is still used to a degree in Catholic churches and in schools it is taught for it being the root of European languages. 
Related, Antisemitism is making quite the surge right now in the west. Super fun being a Jew on the internet right now in the current political landscape. 
Panic at the Disco too. Idk how the hell that happened
Did This come back tho? I swear I haven't heard this song in years 
You would not believe your eyes.

You would not believe your eyes.

You would not. Believe your eyes.

You would not believe your eyes.

You would not believe your eyes.

You would. Not. Belieeeve your EyEs?

https://youtu.be/XtlzvsV0P7M
> Owl City - Fireflies

I always listened to this music, every month, every year, it's so weird people are listening now too.
Can't believe Trump is this far down. Remember when Nate Silver got *blasted* by other statisticians because he had his winning chance in the double digits? 

Not a Trump fan at all, but him winning was probably a bigger upset than Dewey v. Truman. 
Who ever thought the Taliban was over? We are still fighting them after 15 years. 
Eh depends on where you live. They've definitely made a comeback! But where I live their comeback started in like 2013. 
Whoever came up with "high waisted but very short shorts, where you can see some butt cleavage" deserves a nobel peace prize
I don't think flat earthers are increasing in number, it's just that the internet allows them to be louder. Hell, a lot of their volume comes from people going "Look how dumb these people are!" and spreading their videos.

It's kind of like the notion that the world is more violent than it used to be. It really isn't, it's just that we're much more aware of the remaining violence.
Pulp Fiction salvaged Look Who's Talking 2
In the video she gets come on her back, I think
Pffftt she didn't make a com... Oh it's a P&R reference, nice.
I love Aerosmith. I want them to come back again. I wasn't of age when they were poppin'... the first time... nor the second time. =/
People didnt realize how badly they desired walking instructions. 
'Fairly popular' doesn't do justice - it was at Number 1 in the UK for nine weeks upon release in 1975. From the American perspective, what you say about Queen fading away from the late 70s til the Wayne's World revival is probably true. However they never really faded from popularity in countries like the UK and Japan. 
And a crowd of 65,000 at a Green Day concert singing that beloved song in July.  http://shareably.co/crowd-sings-queen-in-unison/?utm_source=hcr&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=music
i read that TIL too
Alf is not an it. He's a he
Have you ever met a 13 year old who's only experience with comedy is family guy. It's a fresh hell.

Family Guy is the perfect "I'm tired and sad and don't want to think too much" show. Yeah it's not the funniest show and it's not the best written but it's consistent in getting a few chuckles and being light-hearted and genuine, I think. You can tell the people who wrote it just want to make people laugh and sometimes you need that
:(
The Wii was hyper popular?

edit: To clarify, I'm asking OP why did they gloss over the Wii's success.
the gamecube was an incredible console that got fucked because the PS2 was also a cheap DVD player.

that's kinda it, really. if the gamecube could play DVDs, it would've won that generation or at least put up a much better fight.

I know this is a hotly debated point but that's my stance on it, anyway.
Is the Switch doing better than the Wii was? I'm not sure.
If anything gets popular enough, a few people who think they're brave for being contrarian will oppose it.  I guess human decency was getting too popular.
Honestly I think a lot of it also comes from video games moving away from local multiplayer. My friends and I all did split screen or Lan and with the loss of that on most consoles we've switched.

Angry Rant: why would consoles remove split screen only thing they had going over PC's.......
Plus printing quality has improved and access to printers has become easier  
  
Also - crowd-funding has helped
Nintendo Switch has ARMS that actually makes it possible to couch co-op. So one major game forward. It's a start and hopefully will be a continuity. Or so I've heard, haven't bought it yet.
This is what I was thinking. Each board game is it's own system and game, so costs a lot less money to get friends to play and split screen/co-op/multiplayer is a lot more limited nowadays for friends.  

Also, the whole return to face to face interaction as a counter movement to people getting more and more digital. 
Yep, exactly what many people think when I tell them I play boardgames. It is still deeply ingrained into many people's mind that boardgames are for kids and that the only thing you do is roll a dice and move (aka Monopoly and Sorry). 

But there are tons of great boardgames coming out every year! And every year more than the last! It is just amazing. You can play cooperative games with your friends, card drafting games, games with almost no luck at all or just fun lucky games you can enjoy while drinking a beer or two if you are into that, and tons more.

And you get so much value out of it - people think I'm crazy when I tell them that a boardgame can easily cost more than 40 or 50 bucks (don't let that scare you off, if you're new and reading this, there are many smaller games that go for less). Even if you only play it twice after you get it with 3 other players an hour each time, that's still only $5 per person you'd pay. And you can play them over and over again, yet nobody bats an eye at paying $9 on one cocktail of which you buy several within one night. 

Obligatory mention to /r/boardgames 
>*Cries in Illinoisian* 


Our town has been hovering around $2.90 for the last 6 months at least, I think it may be closer to a year now. The lowest it got was $1.89 then went up to $2.09
Dude, just take the 101 to the 405 and it'll dump you off right at Mulholland, and there's a gas station right in the corner next to the Golden Spoon that has super cheap gas, bro. It's like, only $3.10 for the cheap stuff, if you pay cash.


Edit: for anyone who thinks I'm seriously giving directions to cheap gas--I'm not. I'm referencing a SNL skit called [The Californians](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/the-californians/n13474?snl=1) in which they all talk in terms of freeway travel and "dude."
That's the benefit of being a relative hermit, I only have to gas up once a month 
You also have smaller cars and half of Europe within a 2 mile radius. 
That makes it seem as if a town *named* Tuberculosis had 835 cases of measles in 2015.
Fucking Andy Wakefield. Not only was this hack's paper somehow published, he grossly exaggerated his own false findings in press conferences to deliberately try and spread the anti-vaccine hysteria. 

How a paper as old as *The Lancet* repeatedly ate up his BS I'll never imagine. And it's gotten worse as it's gotten more politicized with Horton in charge.
Eradicated from the planet/*
I see that people are starting to not vaccinate their animals too now. Because of autism and shit. 

http://www.brooklynpaper.com/stories/40/31/all-pet-anti-vaccination-movement-2017-08-04-bk.html

Their stupidity seems to have transformed into "do we really need all the vaccines? Can't I pick and choose?"
Tbf that would be pretty awful for their children. I'd feel like it should be considered some level of child abuse, rather than punish both the parents,  and kids who had no choice.
Better diagnosis, increased awareness and less social stigma, friend. No links have been found to any of the environmental factors the likes of Wakefield were raising. 
I think she will make a comeback, but not on a RDJ scale. RDJ is extremely charismatic and (imo) is a much more talented actor than LL.

Edit: it appears that some Redditors are really bothered about me naming Lindsay Lohan "LH" instead of "LL". I'll modify it, you can calm down now and stop sending me private messages about it.
She could...but being a woman will work against her in the aging department. She would have to take on a very popular character actor-type role.
> ashes.

More like fumes amirite?
I completely agree with the twitch side.  Watching Mercer & Crew play is awesome.

As a player (and now DM) I had played 3-4 sessions of 3.5e, 2 sessions of 4e, and everything was ridiculously complicated for the rules.

Now with 5th edition, I'm trying my hand at DMing a game, and it's so much easier.  The rules are still there in spirit, you CAN have complicated stuff, but it's all streamlined.  Attacking? D20 + Stat Mod + Proficiency.  Is result >= Target AC? Hit or Miss.  If 20 or 1 is rolled, do some other stuff.

No more THAC0, no more 3,000,000+ situational modifiers (on both sides of the table), roll, hit or miss, damage, move on with life.  5th edition has really streamlined it, and for the better.

**EDIT:** Yes, THAC0 was gone after AD&D [2e], but it was still in the realm of "Way too complicated rules" so I included it.  I tried to make a 2e character and gave up, so I didn't list any sessions as played. :)
Been wanting to get into this but my friends arent able to show me the ropes. Which channels would be fun to watch?
My 20something daughter joined a D&D group of strangers and had a great time.  Just find a group at a brick and mortar game store, or online.
Keeping my fingers crossed for sure.
[**His career trajectory is incredible.**](https://interactive.swissinfo.ch/2017_01_30_grandSlamByAge/graphic_EN.png) People simply don't win Slams at his age, not in these days anyway. 

His first 16 slams were won over just a 6.5-year stretch. 
That's how I felt watching Wimbledon this year. While not quite a 10-year hiatus from watching, I've watched intermittently, I had to wonder what year it was with Venus and Roger in their respective finals. Crazy stuff.

Federer is the best tennis player to have played the game. It does make me wonder about the next generation, though. Certainly no phenoms on the scale of Federer, Novak, Rafa, or Murray at the age when they started tearing it up.
You see Stan holding the USO trophy with a French and an Australian under his belt and wonder the fuck happened still.
He seems like a pretty chill dude. One of the nicest guys in sport apparently.
Watching him back in the day during his prime was a sight to behold. The guy would barely break a sweat during a match. He had complete command of his game.

He could place the ball wherever he wanted, making the other guy run and scramble all day, and he would almost nonchalantly track down every ball with finesse. It was unreal.
I did that back the first time around because I couldn't get my bike on the train reliably. Made the 2 mile walk home a lot quicker. Everyone thought it was a fucking MPDB affectation just because I was over 18.  

Good workout too. You can fair fly along if the pavement's well maintained.
I don't think it ever left. Scooters are honestly just a fun toy for a kid to have.
"late 2000's when I was in elementary school"      
I feel so old now.  
For anyone that doesn't know, the top photo is of the 2003 NBA draft class on draft night, and the bottom photo is of the 2017 NBA draft class on draft night.
The guys in the top photo look like kids who borrowed their dads' suits for the photo.
Those massive sleeves just make their hands look so small...
Yeah, it doesn't have to be slim or baggy. There's a happy medium. Most men look great in a normal cut that's the correct size and tailored properly. 
Are black bodysuits + jeans coming back?  As in the Lisa Loeb look?  Because I am amenable to that.

Space buns.
Odangos.
Meatballs if you were watching Sailor Moon, which you probably were. 
Basically the styles of 2017 are mostly more polished styles of the previous decades
Ok, but I remember buying them for 25 cents from those tiny vending machine things.... now the same exact ones are $12 at Claire's?? That's why I haven't gotten back into it.
I bought a really pretty lace one on Amazon a couple of months ago to wear to a concert. I was so excited to wear it. I remember wearing a lace one with a yin yang back in 8th grade. I felt young and cool again. 
I must ask, what are "stacked sneakers"?  I mean, I grew up in the 90s, but I never paid attention to trends, and I have NEVER heard of "stacked sneakers".  Clarification, anyone?
> I seriously love when a chick ~~wears a choker~~ has a black belt in fellatio

Sorted that for you. 


I know dude, that shit is so hot.  Oh man.  
Yeah so did I until I caught my 12yo daughter wearing one. All connotations have gone now. 
Me too, but I don't know exactly why.  It's definitely a turn-on (the opposite of a nose ring or tattoo) for me. Do I see it as a symbol of submissiveness?  
When r/Hockey spills out onto unsuspecting members of the public.
Please. Chokers never went out of style in Washington.
Oh come on man
You bastard...
Something something Atlanta Falcons 
Doom 93 and Doom 2 are still just as popular as ever! 
Yet he claimed it was because the terms were too lenient
Because it was a Great War
Imagine all the suffering we could have prevented had we named it World War Last
Imagine going back in time to the great depression and accidentally calling it world war 1. 

Ooops
Ironman 2, *then* he disappeared.
I'd say its a mix of both. I would credit the iMac for making Apple cool again, but the iPod drew in a lot of Windows users to the platform (myself included). 
It was. They spent the late '80s and majority of the '90s almost dead. The iMac came out and was suddenly doing incredible business. They were smart enough to capitalize on that and with the iPod expand out into consumer electronics where they really made a killing.
My theory?

It was napster. Yes, napster.

The ipod was an incredible device and very well designed.


HOWEVER the only reason people even had songs on their computers was because everyone was absolutely bonkers about napster a couple years beforehand.

At some point, some portable mp3 player was going to break through and Apple had the right product at the right time.


Thank you world for hearing me out.
You may be right. I said iPod because not everyone had an iMac, but everyone had an iPod. 

"go back to Spotify and earbuds" really pissed me off. Should I bring my record player on the buss or the walk to class, should I subject my roomates to listen to my music when I want to? Should I have to wait a few days after ordering an album to be able to listen to it instead of typing it in in 2 seconds? Should I pay $100 a month to listen to music I like over $7? Should I never listen to those artists who only have 2-3 good songs spread over a few albums? More importantly, why not use fucking both? I know you don't hold this opinion but damn it's stupid.
As an audio guy, I really hate the "vinyl is better" crowd. Vinyl is inherently worse than digital. It is less accurate(cannot deliver highs at full amplitude), has a low sample rate(~44.1kHz/12bit, current recordings are at like 48kHz/24bit), it degrades, requires a super accurately calibrated player to "play well", and also requires either a crazy expensive sound system or crazy expensive headphones to "actually get it".

Don't get me wrong, I have a (cheapish) turntable and like playing vinyl, but it is not better. I think its charming and fun.
Vinyl is actually really cool. But I also know a guy who has the Minecraft soundtrack on vinyl. And will attempt to subject other people to listening to it. 
Black vinyl... Nothing like hopping on a forklift and getting your backside grilled.
Don't you remember the great OJ drought of 1976?
Oh... smashing... groovy. Yay Capitalism!
Eh comrade? 
i ride a motorcycle. I was out in the city once and needed about gallon of gas to get home to a cheaper gas station so I gave the teller $2.00. Drove the 30 miles home and got cheap gas. 10/10

he was all like "$2? really?"
Full tank for an Audi A6 is well over 100€. Not a nice feeling.
In all fairness, Belgium isn't that big and you import all of your oil.  We still have domestic production in the US and distances between communities are much greater. 
This is cheap compared to Norway at 1.8 euro per liter, and Norway is a very large oil producer. 

Then again, it's due to taxes on fuel, then taxes on top of taxes, additional taxes on the part which was untaxed, and a new fuel tax in 2017 they created (in addition to the other taxes). 

Best price I ever saw was some weeks ago in a small German village. Was about 1 Euro per liter.
They use a different octane measure, it's the same stuff but the number is lower. North America uses AKI, rest of the world uses RON. Or is it the other way round?
Gatorade is better than water
Well folks, mama's wrong again!
I LIKE SCHOOOLL!!'
"the *soych* continues"
That is one of the best 3 quotes in that movie.  The other two:

"Basically a snake don't have parts. But, if I had to call it anything, I would say it's his knee."  

and  

"You ever been with a guy and a girl at the same time?"     

Bobby: "Oh, yeah, plenty of times. The other night, I was with my mama and Coach Klein at the same time."
>the search continues

That phrasing always gets me, I don't know why.
I hear it's the devil.
We never gave up on him. 
American living in one of the mountain states here; same. 
If they don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy  :D
no you still gotta shave them but then you have to draw them back on 
Did you perhaps mean measles? Smallpox is dead in the wild, so another outbreak would require it to be reintroduced somewhere.
He's very good.
Damn I thought he was looking thin even in the trailer 
Did your friend plot a graph of his coke usage? 
He played Marty so perfectly.  Really only Bateman could have made that character that likeable, consistent and believable. 

Go figure, he directed it as well.  Great series, JB is the man
Was he ever not skiing? I always thought that was his thing. 
Not calling you a liar, but wasn't Ozark filmed in Georgia?
Well you could, but you shouldn't
2007scape brought a fair number of people to the game. No where near its hay-day 10 or so years ago, but a come back nonetheless. 
i cant believe i still laugh at these comments
Now that's what I call shitposting!
goddamn, this is the most appropriate use of this meme I've ever seen
that isn't a story you'd hear. not from a jedi.
I got into PBR because the CVS at my train station sells tallboys for people to drink on the train and PBR used to be the cheapest 1.49 while the less flavorful macros were more expensive. I like the flavor of PBR. I wish we had Yuengling but they don't sell it in my neck of the woods.
WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO
Warped
True, it's too early to tell. But it's getting a whole new generation into Crash that have never played it before. While it's nothing groundbreaking by today's standards, the solid platforming and awesome unique animations are endearing enough. I could see Crash making a proper comeback now.
Probably the best NFL game I've ever seen
>I just wish I hadn't gotten so drunk so early.

Said all of New England.
These fuel me.
As a falcons fan, I'm still salty. 
I actually went to high school with a girl who is an artist for those comics now, and she was always insanely talented, so I'm not surprised. Strangely enough back in those days she was more into manga/Japanese style art than American comics.
I've not read any of the new ones since, like, 2006. Interested to hear that they're good :)

Also, is Riverdale any good?
The funny thing is that they actually managed to do some really leftfield comics with Afterlife Witch Archie (Riverdale zombies) and Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (what if Sabrina's Aunts werent that nice)

EDIT: They also released crossovers with The Punisher and Predator.


And also getting rappers into the scene too.
Yeah, to say that Dre was irrelevant in the mid 2000s is ridiculous. He wasn't in your face with "beats by Dre" but he was still fucking loaded. 
That's what did it. 
that shit was fantastic. 
You don't know what a dead language is, it's a language that isn't spoken as a primary language for everyday purposes. A dead language doesn't have to be completely out of use to be dead. 
IIRC a language is dead if it isn't evolving and changing according to the use of the people who speak it. 
At this point it's more like *Brendon Urie presents 'Brendon Urie and the Brendon Urie Backup Band'* but sure, if you want to call it Panic at the Disco, go right ahead. 
Because Brendon Urie took most of the creative control on the second to last album and then played every instrument and wrote all the songs on his last album. So Brendon Urie brought them back
Cause Death of a Bachelor is a mf masterpiece
I went to a Fall Out Boy concert a few years ago and they played the my songs know what you did in the dark song, I was like this is never gonna happen and I was wrong. 
their newer album was actually pretty fire and I was a little salty about it.
Thanks to memes it did.
So will that terrible South Park episode that came out right after the election where Bill Clinton makes all kinds of awkward "first gentleman" jokes be our generation's Truman holding up a "Dewey Wins!" newspaper?
> Remember when Nate Silver got blasted by other statisticians because he had his winning chance in the double digits?

He also got blasted for making fun of Trump and the Cubs and tweeting something like, "Donald Trump will be our next president, and the Cubs will win the World Series" like a year before they both happened. 
At one point in the war US efforts had successfully greatly diminished the Taliban's influence in Afghanistan, then they made a huge a comeback 
There *must* be a subreddit for that
I vote that all of your karma be transferred to /u/reg3nade because he knew what he was doing.
Pretty mind-blowing. Having a crowd sing, and know by heart, a song that isn't even related to the main act. Religion-like levels of social permeation right there. 

Amazing that a single band can have that kind of impact.
As was the DS. And the 3ds/2ds are quite popular
the wii was great. The Wii U was not

I don't think this point gets brought up enough. The PS2 sold incredibly well and definitely blew the GC out of the water in sales, but the GC had some of Nintendo's best games. 

The fact that the PS2 also played DVDs and was priced competitively even with DVD players is too easily forgotten. 
Agreed. Barely any games worthwhile for local multiplayer. It's always highly specific games that interest only a few players. Or those with huge skill gaps that make it unplayable for newcomers with veterans. 

Or Coop games that are just not fun to play in small sessions. Like a game like Borderlands. You don't play once and then put the controller down. A big part of the fun is playing it for like 20 hours. 
That's the reason I'm considering N Switch as my next console. 
Several factors:

512. Internet connections becoming stable enough that online play could take off in the mainstream.

9. The graphics wars, season two. Sony and Microsoft competing hard in the graphics department, making the games already stress the hardware enough that rendering multiple perspectives at once becomes unfeasible.

123456789. My phone is running low on battery. :P
This is my biggest problem with modern video games. As I understand it, the engines they use are generally pretty resource hungry, so if they want to split the screen as such, they have to cut down resources they would have used by 75%, otherwise it will lag when 4 people run it.

A lot of game companies say they aren't willing to shoehorn their game into 1/4 the size it should be allowed. This is something I can *kinda* respect, but only because I'm not sure if they'd actually be cramped, or if they just want super pretty single player.
Graphics or framerate.  Pick one.  There are very few textures and complex world designs on local coop games compared to one player only.    Halo 3 looks like a bland, dead world dead compared to Destiny.  Rocket league is one of the few local coop games I know of, and wven that game has some terrible camera angles in Comparison to one player having rhe entire screen.
Is that what you actually call someone from Illinois?
Actually, compared to the west coast, [Illinois looks like they have it pretty good](http://i.imgur.com/c5EFN2H.jpg).
Fucking hell.....

-A Californian
Make sure you get off before the 5 though otherwise, well, you don't want to end up in *Encino*
3.2 km radius*
Oh yeah, I have a cousin there. He works in the next town over, Cirrhosis.
Doesn't sound like a nice place
I laughed at these people for blindly accepting Wakefield's findings, until my sister in law also ate it up, and now I'm genuinely concerned for my new baby niece. No amount of counter research appeases her, and I'm going to have to be that "asshole uncle" to the niece because I'll have genuine concerns with my niece interacting with any future children I might have. All fault though, lies with her uneducated, blind to reason mother and my "do whatever she says" brother.
Their evidence is so shit too. Billions of people i bet have been vaccinated and the billions of their children have been too and they turned out not autistic at all. If not billions then millions. If vaccines actually did cause autism then we would see autism rates sky rocket by our generation. Makes me so mad seeing people try to use that to defend their point.
And Private Eye. He convinced them he was being censored by big pharma so Britain's leading leftist satire magazine gave him 8 pages to spread his sickening message. 
They were saying that well, at least with all those people not vaccinating, at least there are fewer autistic kids (knowing that isn't true).
I think RDJ also got lucky with Iron Man. I don't think his comeback would have been such a huge thing if he hadn't gotten locked into such a huge franchise. I *do* think he was making a comeback regardless though, I just don't think it would have been as huge. 
I remember watching him in A Scanner Darkly and being glad he was still good and wasn't dead.
Did you seriously abbreviate the name Lindsay Lohan with LH? smort. 
RDJ basically plays one character, himself.  But there's a lot of actors like that; Michelle Rodriguez, Zooey Deschanel, Michael Cera, Samuel L Jackson, and it's not necessarily to their discredit.  RDJ especially - even among one-role-actors - is a charismatic and interesting character, hiding some emotional depth just behind a facade of wit and charisma.  Puts me in mind of Jeff Goldblum to be honest.

And honestly, I don't remember Lindsay Lohan's characters beyond a pretty smile, a cute physique and lines delivered competently with a knowing smirk.  She embodied a certain kind of role, but that role was tied to a certain age group.  I wouldn't be surprised to see her break into some other kind of role entirely in the 2020s.
I'd like to see Bjorn Borg's career on this list, too... he retired at age 26!! but is still one of the most accomplished players of all time
Jesus Christ that baggy suit thing was real? I don't ever remember seeing that. Maybe it's a regional thing, because I think people here only use suits with English cut. OR maybe I just wiped it from my memory because that shit looks nasty.
*2003!?* I would have guessed 1995.
The scary part is that they're all 6'5 at the smallest.
Who TF are their fathers?!
Yeah, I have a 45" chest and broad shoulders -- considered XL -- and the "slim-fit" style definitely comes in that size.  Slim fit doesn't mean it's only for skinny guys; all it really is is a style that hugs your body tighter than the jackets did a decade ago.  Especially when tailored, you can get a nice fitting suit for relatively cheap.

IMO even when I was still obese with a 52" chest I looked much better in a slim suit than a baggy one.  Self-confidence and the style trends 10+ years ago just made me choose baggy.
They are. I have seen proof on college campuses. The suits are tight, the waists are high. 
I saw a girl in a white bodysuit and jeans at the bar the other day. But she also had a tampon hanging from her ear ring, so I don't know if she's a fashion outlier or not.  
I never did the vending machine ones, almost always Claire's. I actually found them at Target on clearance! And Claire's had a $5 rack in the back of the store with some variations on the theme. Some just looked way too young for me to pull off (like bows or flowers, etc).
Had to google it, too curious. They're those platform sneakers everybody wore in the 90's, a la Spice Girls. Which were a horrendous idea to market to kids IMO! I twisted the fuck out of my ankle wearing those bastards when I was 10. 😠
Ohhhh that's the connection my brain and penis where making this whole. thanks dude
So, as a lesbian that's a fan of chokers, what does it mean?
Similar to when my daughter went to the University of Florida and watching "Girls Gone Wild" turned into russian roulette...
you secretly have a thing for BDSM and it's more low key than a dog collar
He might have been right.

As Machiavelli said, "Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot."
It's possible he was correct. Who knows what might have happened if Germany had been split into Prussia, Hannover, Bavaria, etc, after WW1.
A *Great* War should be called World War 100 atleast
I remember when people bought the first ipod,  it became this stupid brand loyalty war. My first ipod was the 16gig ipod video... and the sales rep was so offended that I wasnt going to go get a mac to go with it.
They were surviving off their sales to music and video professionals, primarily.  There was a time when certain professional grade sound cards and recording equipment only worked with Macs.  That's long since passed, but Apple owned that niche for quite some time, and it helped them get by. 
There were a lot of MP3 players out at the time, Apple just happened to put out a damn good one.

Of course, it then used its platform to force record labels to start selling digital singles after.
I think you're spot-on.  The influx of mp3's from Napster was a big part of it.

Podcasts too, to some extent.  We still call them 'podcasts.'
I had a Zune :(
You should rip your vinyl into lossless format and listen to it through expensive headphones (not my opinion, I'm just trying to pretend to be a vinyl snob.) 
Haha, that's amazing. "Bro, I got the 180 gram deluxe LP edition of the Minecraft soundtrack. Just put on the headphones and let "Ballad of the Cats" blow your fucking mind!"
Wasn't that because of a wild Bronco? 
What if 2$ was all you had. How rude of the teller

Edit my second most upvoted comment :o I can see how a cashier would like to make sure what bills were given so no confusion
I fill up my A1 for £45 or so, lasts about 500 miles tho so I'll take it.
You are correct.

87 AKI is equivalent to 91 RON

91 AKI is 95 RON

93 AKI is 98 RON.

Many people seem to think the US gas is much lower octane, which isn't true. AKI is the average of MON+RON. (motor octane number/research octane number)

GAAAAATORAAAAADE
No Colonel Sanders, you're wrong! Mama's right!
AN I LIKE FU BALL!!!
Minnesota checking in, I bust out the flannel as soon as it's cool enough to not die while wearing it. 
If smallpox makes a comeback we are all fucked.
What comes before anything? What have we always said is the most important thing?
Based on his demeanor in the show you'd probably never know. I'll bet he cleans up though if they extend the series, which I'm hoping they will.
According to him, he's been clean over a decade.
I think it's amazing that so many people would play such an old version of the game, it really says something about how special it is. At peak time of the week, I've seen over 70.000 people online on Oldschool RuneScape alone. 
Not just the comments, but the memes and the shitposts too
Yep.
It's the best game that I'll never watch again. It's still too painful.
as a fan of football im still salty
My boyfriend is from Georgia and I'm from Massachusetts. He still hasn't forgiven me. 
They re-launched them and did away with the house art in like 2015.  Since then they've relaunched other titles in the same style and they're very good.  Not to get spoilery, but the current arc involves a very prominent character getting seriously injured in a car accident.  I think they're still doing the campy house art stuff which is the same as it's always been but the new stuff is really good IMO.

I have never seen Riverdale but tried to read the comic that came out before the show did.  It is a very, very, very, very dark twist on the Archie universe.  I was incredibly turned off on it.  Archie is banging Ms. Grundy who happens to be just a little bit older than him.  If that's not disturbing enough, the first episode features a murder.  It was way too dark for my tastes.  That's not what I'm looking for in Archie at all. 
Yeah some white dude he signed had an alright career I think
I mean he's the only official member of the band, so take that as you will
I read an article about the two members who left. They were upset that the other two (before the drummer also quit) that they were still carrying on the Panic name. I think, no, screw you guys who quit. Brendon and the other dude have all power to carry on the success that they helped build. Now with Brendon as the only member, all power using the name as he will. 
You're goddamn right it is
Have you watched this blousey ice skating routine to that song?  It's... incredible.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2n36XkAMTI
..? Do you mean one of their earlier singles? Because I would totally expect today's concerts to include songs from their last 2 albums.
Hmm I need to see more memes 
The DS was the best selling console of all time (except maybe the PS2). /u/w1n5t0nM1k3y is whack 
yeah but he was saying OP conveniently skipped over Nintendo's most popular home console ever to make it sound like they had been trending downward since the Gamecube until the Switch
I noticed another big problem that kind of falls along the same lines as skill gap. COD (I forget which title specifically) was one of the last games we could still play 4-player split screen at my buddy's house. The issue was that all the upgrades are unlocked for your profile only. So you have one person with access to every gun in the game and everybody else stuck with Lv.1 newbie pea-shooters. It kind of kills the feel of the game when everybody is expected to have already played that specific title just to make the playing field even.
I got the Switch and it's awesome! It's incredible how easy it is to play splistcreen Mario kart wherever you go.
\- Sony and Microsoft realized they could make people buy two consoles and games just to play with their friends
No their illannoying
As an Illinois resident I have never seen these words put together like this. 
I know that guy.  I think he's married to my cousin, Chlamydia.
I have permanent scarring in my lungs because my mother didn't get me vaccinated against whooping cough.
Were the children planned? Did your brother and wife speak of children before getting married? These are things that ought to be brought up with our generation now that people think anti-vax is just another option like circumcisions. My wife's cousin and her husband are about to have their first and he's against vaccines. Luckily her cousin pretty much said that's too bad, baby's getting their shots. 
I have a relative with an autistic son who has totally bought the vaccine hysteria.  Her proof - a story about a family with an autistic son who was vaccinated, and a normal daughter who was not vaccinated.  I tried to explain to her that one story is anecdotal, and proves nothing - it is statistics that count, but she doesn't understand this.  She wants to blame somebody for her son's autism, and this makes it easier for her.
If your kids are able to be vaccinated, once they are, there isn't much risk in contact. I would avoid when they are too young, and if they end up allergic and can't take them.

If you really want to argue with the mom, don't use logic. Scientific papers and reasoning has been shown to just get people to dig their heels in more. Fight with emotion. There are videos of babies with whooping cough, that is a good first strike.

Well, cases kind of have sky rocketed because now we know what Autism is and are also ever expanding the "spectrum". Back when I was in school, the weird kid was just weird at best or mentally retarded at worst. Now they've been retroactively diagnosed with Autism or Asperger's.


It has nothing to do with vaccines obviously, just the progression and understanding of medicine and psychology.


Yeah, quite lucky. Jon Favreau insisted so much on RDJ playing Tony Stark. He saw so many similarities between the actor and the character. To think that Nicolas Cage, Tom Cruise and Timothy Olyphant were also considered for the role.
That movie is so incredibly good.  But I don't recommend it to anybody anymore, the first scene is a put-off to many.  
Lindsaylo Han
Everyone knows it's LiLo. 
It was heavily exaggerated within the NBA. They were even referred to as "NBA cut" suits. 
How old do you think Lebron is yo
Hagrid
fucking lol
God I love college
I had platform trainers like Spice Girls! I still believe to this day that they were pretty lush. Same for glitter make up. You can take the girl out of the '90s, but you can't take the '90s out of the girl. 
It means you still have the ability, just not the desire. Like a network card without any drivers installed. 
The Treaty of Versailles absolutely set up Hitler's rise to power and WWII. The compromise made it so the country was still mostly intact, but Germany had to pay reperations for everything. I am talking France got to go in and mine out Germanys natural resources. The value of their currency plummeted to the point where it was worthless. 

I think things might have turned out for the better if Germany was split up, but the Treaty of Versailles wasn't so punitive. The German people didn't stop paying reperations for WW1 until Hitler refused to keep paying. 
Russia would have conquered Europe probably.
World War 💯💯💯👌👌😂
>  I wasnt going to go get a mac to go with it.

I still can't for the life of me figure out why their laptops/desktops are so freaking expensive.
So that was you! 
What's it like being a Guardian of the Galaxy? 
Do that if you want to piss them off. They hate it when people rip vinyl digitally.
He could have been more tactful but it's not a bad idea to confirm the transaction when someone hands you an unexpected amount. Some people would come back in a rage saying they gave you two tens or whatever. 
gas station employees don't get paid enough to give a shit
When I worked at a gas station I had a guy give me 60 cents for gas one time. Didn't matter to me, gotta do what you gotta do. I pulled the change out of the penny tray at my register and gave him like 80 cents worth of gas instead and he was so happy. Hopefully it got him where he needed to go.
H2O!!!
Something's wrong with *his* medulla oblongata!
And I like Vicki, and she like me back! And she showed me her boobies and I like them too! 

Maine: October-March is peak flannel season...

As a "stereotypical white girl" it makes my life very easy, AND pisses off my husband at the same time since my wardrobe doubles with his flannels. 
Good thing military personnel are still required to get vaccinated for such.
Breakfast?
Well he probably has to clean up for Arrested Development too. 
Yeah, i agree. The game is damn old, but people like its charm, and Jagex was willing to give it a go. If everyone's happy, then it's a pretty great situatuon. 

And i guarantee there is gonna be a big jump in players. It's coming to mobile later this year!
As a fan of football I'm not, that shit was magical.
he was ok i guess
And without a doubt the most talented. 
They just had their newer single. The rest of the songs were from when I was in high school. 
Don't forget that they've consistently dominated the handheld market for years, if not decades. The 3DS had a slow start, but it eventually turned the PS Vita into a paperweight.
Injustice 2, Overall a great game but.

Only player 1 can use the unlocks associated with the main profile and it defaults to a garbage system of allowing them to super power chars. Thankfully it supports disabling all of that flaming trash and the rest of the games awesome.
When will grammar Nazis come back though...
Don't go to Dysentery. That place is a shithole.
How old were you when you got it? You might have been too young for the inoculation, which is why we need herd immunity. 
I'd watch the shit out of a Timothy Olyphant Ironman.
I can only pray to God that he'll move me over to the timeline the Nicholas Cage is Iron Man.
>Nicolas Cage, Tom Cruise and Timothy Olyphant were also considered for the role.

I don't think I would have seen Iron Man or engaged the MCU at all. Consider that this movie introduced SHIELD and started the continuity. I wasn't going to see Thor because animated works always make him flat as a sheet of paper, but it was visually stunning and hilarious, neither of which were expected by me going in. I took that chance because of Iron Man. And if they can make Iron Man that deep and interesting in and out of the suit, and they can make me enjoy a movie like Thor after a character I would have considered a total nobody before, I'll take a chance on AntMan too. 

Disclaimer: I was born around 1990 and didn't really grow up with comics; my stream of consciousness is in total ignorance of how cool or uncool Thor was in the comics. Still, I'm in the target demo. The only good Cruise movie I saw was Mission Impossible (no Top Gun, no rom coms) and Cage just... isn't Iron Man. Where on the [Cage Matrix](http://www.theshiznit.co.uk/feature/behold-the-nicolas-cage-matrix.php) would this appear, anyway?

Edit: You astound me, my friend!
There's no way that the MCU would be anything close to what it is now if it was built on a Nick Cage performance.

You can see so much of what RDJ put into the original Iron Man baked into the house style of the MCU; the dry charm and throwaway wit.
I  looked them up. They're aphids. They're in my hair, on my skin, in my lungs. And the pain, Barris, it's unreasonable. They're all over the place. Oh, they've completely gotten Millie too.
That's one of my favorite "by myself" movies. Nobody I've shown it to ever likes it, but I love it. 
> Lindsaylo 

You need to be careful throwing around names like that because some housewife in Utah is going to pick it out for her baby
Lindsaylo Han Solo.
How did they manage to make suits that are too big for 6'10" athletes?
Sorry, I don't follow basketball whatsoever. All I know is the name and that he was drafted out of high school. I couldn't even name anybody in either picture if you asked me to (and that's with knowing that Lebron is in the top picture. I still don't know who he is or where he is in the picture).

My statement was based purely on the fact that the suits they are wearing look like a mid 90's trend.
In the flip side, the Marshall Plan after WW2 was extremely generous.  It got the Western part of the country back up and running, and made Denazification so much more effective.
I'd love to see that alternate history. I feel like a war against Russia would have been a bit easier European WW2 campaign than against Germany. Hitler did so, so many things wrong in his fight against the soviets that a competent leader most likely wouldn't have made. Focusing on the wrong cities, not giving his soldiers winter uniforms and equipment, lack of reasonable planning for reinforcements and supplies, etc. And by destroying the soviets early on there would be no cold war, no Vietnam, and probably a lot less nuclear-armed countries. 
> I still can't for the life of me figure out why their laptops/desktops are so freaking expensive.


I have been arguing pro-Mac since 1985, but that ended at about when Win 7 proved it was stable and good. In the 90s and early Aughts, people would bitch about how expensive Macs were... but they WEREN'T. At that time, to buy an equivalent Win machine meant to get almost to gaming-level and the hardware was selected to be superior in almost every way, PLUS they came with incomparable free software in iMovie and iPhoto (later on).


But now...


... I don't get it.


For the same price as the entry-level MacBooks, you get sleek but mediocre computers on the Mac side and really awesome but less sleek computers or really sleek *pen capable* computers on the Win side. For the price of the Pro equipment, you can really get almost any Win device you want within reason.


So, ***NOW*** I could see people starting to argue that Macs are too expensive. And ***NOW*** is when Apple is increasing in market share and worth more than almost any other company.


The mind wobbles...
I hate it even more when people rip their old, shitty records in lossless so you hear all the pops and defects in high definition.
I work in a grocery store.  I've had people accidentally hand me the wrong bills before.  I'll assume the best of him and assume he didn't mean to sound so judgemental.
I spent most of my adult life bartending, I always double check on strange amounts and huge tips. 
So when the zombie plague gets spread via smallpox then the military will be immune? 
You can play runescape classic on your phone already. RSCrevolution. It's super fun. Classic runescape also has tasks that aren't annoying to do on a phone. 
he got kind of a god complex.
Yeah, the wii plus DS will easily make for the most consoles ever sold by one company in a generation, it's glaring omission to imply Nintendo has been in a rough patch since gamecube
I hate Illinois Nazis
24.
I'll watch about anything with Olyphant... but I don't know if that would have been good casting.
Could we get Walton Goggins to play War Machine? 
I love Olyphant, but I'm not entirely convinced he'd have been good for Iron Man.
In that timeline Nicholas Cage stars in every role in every movie
Will a [Nicholas Cage Superman](http://imgur.com/a/aJf6U) suffice?
> and they can make me enjoy a movie like Thor after a character I would have considered a total nobody before, I'll take a chance on AntMan too.

This is an enormous part of the popularity wave that Iron Man 1 kicked off, and pretty much led to the modern MCU. People were willing to take that chance - something they weren't with the previous Hulk movie. This led directly to Marvel being able to put serious money into films featuring far lesser-known characters. (I mean, seriously, Guardians of the Galaxy? Ant-Man?)

I just wish that Marvel could regain movie rights for the Fantastic Four. I'd love to see a treatment which wasn't crap.
> Where on the Cage Matrix would this appear, anyway?


Wow, he poorly played a lot of badly-written characters in a lot of shitty movies I didn't even remember.


I think if Cage were in it, it would have ended up around "Sorcerer's Apprentice."
Lindsolo Han.
Just bought a second hand mac air 2013 with a brand new battery for $650 AUD. Couldn't justify buying a new one and there are too many polarising opinions on the new windows. Don't care for pen compatible screens, either. 

A brand new, recent, laptop would be about twice the price regardless. This is a nice, snappy thing with great battery life. Pretty happy. Wouldn't buy a brand new macbook or macair again, though.
Vaccines don't make you immune, they just make you less likely to catch something, so it pumps up herd immunity and it's unlikely that there is enough kicking around to get people who are resistant.

If there is a mass outbreak, people who were vaccinated can still get symptoms.
Yeah I fuckin love Timothy Olyphant but he was terribly miscast as Hitman too. He had the mannerisms down but not the look.
His character is such a beautiful foil to Olyphant's.  It was so cool how they were at each others throats throughtout the whole first season, but they held their ground and slowly the hate simmered to respect.  It was a very mature idea to present, and incredibly well-paced.
That hair... so gloriously greasy.


> Wouldn't buy a brand new macbook or macair again, though.



It leaves me a little sad, actually. They moved away from me. I probably will never buy a new Mac unless things change.
Jason Statham is maybe the only person off the top of my head with a perfect look for Agent 47, but I can't see him pulling the character off outside of that. Olyphant made the character come to life but damn if he doesn't look odd with no hair... that and he's too expressive.

What made a huge comeback even though everyone thought it was over?

Hogwarts would only be about 75 years old. And it was probably renovated in the 90s.
Hagrid would live in a trailer.
There would be a destinct lack of ' BLOODY HELL HARRY'
Most Quidditch players don't know shit about magic, nor do they care. They just came to Hogwarts on a sports scholarship.
Him and Ron would have been shot down by the Air force if they tried flying that car over D.C
the weaslys' flying car  would be a 1965 Mustang
There wouldn't be any "Houses". Houses actually exist in real British schools but they don't in North American ones. I actually thought it was just a Harry Potter thing until I moved to the UK and taught at a school there. 

An American writing Harry Potter wouldn't think/know to put houses in. So the whole sorting hat and the houses and the points probably never would have existed. 

[Edit]: Yes yes I get it, what about sororities and fraternities? Sure, American schools have those, but Hogwarts (the school in the HP books) is not a University. It's like Junior High and High School combined. 
I would imagine American wizarding culture would not look like something out of medieval times, due to the lack of medieval history here.

Probably would be some heavy Native American influences in certain sectors to offset that.  Blood purity would likely be less of an issue due to a lack of foundation for it.
Voldemort would've been shot about 17 times all those years ago when he broke into Lily and Jimmy Potter's house. About a 2 page book. More of a leaflet, really.
Due to security checks you need to arrive 3 hours early to catch a train at platform 9 & 3/4.
He would live in a "closet" and not a "cupboard."
There would be drive by magic attacks in the hood
Nice try JK Rowling
If you can't get into U.S. Hogwarts it's no big deal. 

You can go to its for-profit Caribbean counterpart for four times the price.  
All the actors still would be British.
\#NotMyDumbledore
EXPECTO PETROLEUM

I mean, at the same time though, we wouldn't need to liberate other countries anymore...
Did people really forget about the existence of 'fantastic beasts'?
"Yay! I got a acceptance letter to [American Hogwarts] now I just need a $150,000 wizard student loan..."
Quidditch will be called American Quidditch and the quaffle will be egg shaped. 
Saved by the Bell with wands.  No further changes.
Westboro Baptist Church would be protesting outside of Hogwarts with signs saying "God hates Wizardry".
Harry wouldn't have been able to afford Skele-Grow and has to get this arm chopped off.
Muggles would be called nomag
Butter beer wouldn't have butter.
There would likely be a Hogwarts school massacre at some point.
Someone would have shot Snape years before Harry ever began attending school.

Hell, wizard fights would be fought with a wand in one hand, a Colt .45 (edit: the pistol, not the malt liquor) in the other, and a spell of Kevlaris Protectus on your chest.

Edit:

Harry and Ron sat in the small, smoky room, facing the stage.  While a lot had changed since their school days, their friendship had not.  Each of them surreptitiously patted the holdout holsters attached to their wrists under their robes, making sure their wands would be ready at a moment's notice.  A waitress in a costume that left little to the imagination slinked by, holding a tray, and took their orders:  hard butterbeers and bourbon chasers.  She prowled away on high heels, hips swaying to the chintzy music, and both Ron's and Harry's eyes followed.

A voice called out through the low din, magically amplified to be heard, and said "Witches and Wizards, please direct your eyes to the stage and give a warm welcome to the house favorite, Hermione the Librarian!"  A new rhythm started to play over the speakers, and Ron and Harry shared a glance:  this was a *good idea*.  Hermione began her set to cat-calls and applause roared, making the music all but impossible to hear.

From behind the young men, a slice of light briefly illuminated the club, and both young men tore their gaze from their friend's performance to see three men with green trimmed robes entering.

"Shit," said Ron, "Malfoy and his goons.  Hermione will kill us if we ruin her set, but we can't let them come in to *our* club, *our* turf!"

"I know," said Harry, " so here's the plan:  I'll get their attention and lure them out the side entrance.  You stun them when they come out and face me, and we'll shove them in the dumpster.  Armor up, though, they're probably packing."

As one, the two wizards twisted their wand hands in a particular pattern, launching their wands in to their hands from the concealed holsters, and silently cast Kevlaris Protectus.  A slight shimmer covered their chests for a moment before settling in to their robes.  Trouble was brewing in the *Expecto Strippers* club, and only a fool went in to a fight with Lucius's boy without being prepared.
Harry's Patronus gets shot in the woods.

They teach kids Avada Kedavra for self-defense.

Deatheaters would all be those weird 12 year old girls who fantasize about school shooters.
Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans, would have a lot of corn sirup in it.
There is already one. The Magicians by Lev Grossman. 

And it's what you would expect; More sex and more drugs. 
The Weasley residence would be mobile homes stacked up and magically held together with tarps and duct tape.
Getting to school would be a lot more involved than "drive to a train station and sit on a train all afternoon", depending on the state you lived in.

The Dursleys would be stereotypical rednecks/hicks/deep South defective genetic material

Azkaban would be run by a private entity and be located on Alcatraz

The most common injury that Madam Pomfrey sees is bullet wounds
"This one time at Wizard camp... I stuck a wand..."
Hermoine wouldve banged both of them by the 3rd book. 
Wizards would be crippled by student debt.
**The school should look completely different, it doesn't make a lick of sense that ilvermorny is a castle.**

An American Wizarding school was something akin to a University campus, like Harvard University.

More of a sprawling Campus filled with buildings from a variety of different periods.

Maybe starting off with something like [Massachusetts Hall](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/51/Massachusetts_Hall%2C_Harvard_University.JPG/1200px-Massachusetts_Hall%2C_Harvard_University.JPG) as their first grand building then moving onto buildings like the  [bloomberg baker library](http://www.recentclip.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/o-HARVARD-UNIVERSITY-BUILDING-facebook.jpg) and this building I couldn't find the [name of.](http://smhttp.32478.nexcesscdn.net/80E972/organiclifestylemagazine/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Harvard-University.jpg)

I think you have to look at the style that was present at the time and see it a reflection of the schools they would have built.

I think the other schools had different demands on them when they were founded, all of them were built in countries that had relatively high populations so your goal would be to minimise the likelihood of your school being found by muggles whilst providing enough space for your large student body.

Which is why you build defensively and you build high.

Where as an American school has basically unlimited land and the starting population is small, so you'd have a vast campus of low height builds where each area was added slowly over time.

Instead of each house having a section of the singular building they'd have completely separate houses spread across the campus and so on.

An American Wizarding school would be built in a vastly different style to something like Hogwarts.

It would probably have architecture from several different periods, starting in Colonial (1600's) moving to Georgian architecture (1714 and 1830) finally culminating in Country Place Era (1890 to 1930).
Which means its more likely to look like:

* this if they get their first round of funding in the 1600's were probably looking at a building [in this style](http://www.mexzhouse.com/dimension/1280x960/upload/2016/06/03/new-england-colonial-houses-1600s-new-england-cape-homes-lrg-0b1e7271fb7634f0.jpg) moving on to
* [Edwin Nelson House](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/Edwin_Nelson_House.jpg)
* [MacPheadris-Warner House](https://s3.amazonaws.com/gs-waymarking-images/8d6dc2ef-2e3c-4793-835b-0a1c254a0117.jpg)
* [Portsmouth Athenæum](https://historicportsmoutharchitecture.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/4107412050_15c289f2d6_b.jpg)

Still extremely grand houses but a logical and consistent design all the way through instead of Hogwarts which evolved over time.
Finally ending in something like [Castle Hill Ipswich](http://harvardmagazine.com/sites/default/files/img/article/0815/SO15_p_083_004_web.jpg)
Broomsticks would've been recalled for vehicle malfunction.
The Hogwarts of the USA would be  under the Hollywood sign or under the Empire State Building.
Key and Peele already answered your question. 

http://www.cc.com/video-clips/p9do4b/key-and-peele-inner-city-wizard-school
You would have a group saying that you have a right to know the Avada Kedavra spell to protect yourself. Then you'd have another group saying that the Department of Magic needs to control who knows it because every other country does this and they have less Avada Kedavra murders. Then, someone will go and use the spell to kill people in a school, and Alex Jones will claim it was a false flag by the Department of Magic.
Wands would look/be wielded like AR-15s
Though no longer engaging in out-and-out witchburning, the religious right would continue to push an agenda of anti-magic conversion therapy, condemning children and parents of children with magical talent as being the work of the devil. The government, largely encouraged to turn a blind eye to these actions, remain oblivious of the growing hostility within a magic community they barely recognise as existing at all. Voldemort vilified by muggles as a terrorist, but behind closed doors he is celebrated by witches and wizards as a freedom fighter striking back against human rights abuses and persecution.
Hogwarts meals would be deep fried food and nothing else.
The Weasly family would be from Jersey Shore. 

Ron on particular would look/sound exactly like Pauly D.
The Avada Kedavra would not be a forbidden curse. 

2nd amendment rights!!!
If Fantastic Beasts taught us anything it would be almost exactly the same except words for things would be even sillier.
I'll answer as what if Harry Potter was thought out as a US series written by a US writer since it's the most interesting version of this question I can think of :

So for starters :

- Hogwarts wouldn't be a very clear British Public School. (British sense of Public school which is boarding school for rich people). Instead it would be something that's relatable to US culture and gives the same basic set up. It would be a Camp.
- No quirky names for things. Instead you'd have the same kind of "awesome" names you see in "Why don't we call X YZ instead?" where X is a complicated or atypical word and YZ is a mashup of two common vocabulary words.
- Hermione is explicitly stated to be a hot, popular and inaccessible cheerleader type.
- Hermione is "only stuck with Harry and Ron by force of circumstances".
- Hermione develops a crush for Harry midway through the first book.
- Harry and Hermione end up together.
- Ron doesn't get laid... until the epilogue of the last book where he gets with an obscure secondary character.
- At least one teacher is a hot babe.
- Snape is just kind of an asshole and pretty much never a bad guy. And he is hot.
- Dumbledore is a manly man's man. Probably in his 40s or 50s... and he's hot.
- Harry is said to be average looking but is clearly described as objectively hot but the reader is supposed to pretend they don't see it.
- Ron never comes out of the comic relief role or only barely.


P.S. :

- Quidditch is played with a helmet.
The most used spell would be gastricio bypassa
He would be in jail or dead because of witchcraft 
Trump would definitely mobilise the army after his first visit from the Minister for Magic. And he'd also tell the next guy. 
There's a serious lack of job prospects for wizards once they graduate from Hogwarts, and they'll be paying off the student loan debt for half their lives.
He'd have to get some paperwork and wait a week before receiving his wand.
Voldemort would just arm the death eaters with AR 15s instead of wasting thier time with magic
The Death Eaters would be the KKK.
When Dementors devour your soul, it's only because they were fearful for their life. You could have had a wand on you, for all they knew.
Harry would buy a 45 and itd be done
They'd play a completely different sport but still call it Quidditch
They'd all be in debt
Big magic would be corrupting Hogsmeade.
Arthur Weasley would have shot himself in the face with a shotgun trying to figure out the quirky and odd inventions of muggles.
The houses would be replaced with fraternities and sororities and there would be many more of them. 

There wouldn't be any uniforms.

Hogwarts would be renamed Hardvarts.

It'd be located somewhere on the east coast smack in the middle of some big city. 


Ron would be from a farm and wear a cowboy hat.
Then we'd have fantastic beasts
No. Except it would be criticized for being too white and Malfoy wouldn't be the only mean one. Hermione would be superficially hotter and Ron would be overweight. Apart from it actually looking like it took place in present day rather than later 90's and a school set in the early 1900's there'd be slightly less serialization. 

Maybe design wise they wouldn't have been as faithful or successful, maybe they would have adapted the books out of order Cherry picking the best parts and Dolores Umbridge would not be a villain. Harry would have ended up with Hermione. 
I have a feeling we'll get to find out soon with Fantastic beasts already having a crossover into the United States. We already got to see that the US had a different term for "muggles" and seemed to be a lot stricter with magic laws compared to EU. I'm hoping we see more crossover stuff soon. It's been too long since I've obsessed over the potter universe!
"Hermione, how do we deal with Voldemort?"

"My dad's got a deer rifle let's try that"
well for one, Harry would've gone to Illvermorny. 

he wouldn't have been able to carry his wand until 17. 

the MACUSA would've *known* it was Dobby. 

since the MACUSA doesn't work with the local gvt. like the MOM does, Voldemort would've stood a good chance to become President. 

due to the total segregation of no-maj's and wizards in the US, Harry might not've been sent to the Dursley's as well.
"We've restored it to how it looked ***FIFTY YEARS AGO!!***"

"Impossible!  No one was alive back then!"
The basilisk is like 6 feet long and doesn't have a petrific glare yet. 
The potions lab is falling apart but that Quidditch Stadium is something else. 
It would be in Salem Massachusetts
Considering the story took place in the 90s, it was probably in the process of being renovated.
All the Hogwarts students would be too depressed to conjure spells because they're facing crippling financial debt.  
Hey, it might be somewhere on the East Coast...so...like 300 at most.
I feel like, instead of Hogwarts feeling like Oxford, it would feel more like Harvard or something
Nah, it would be as old as Harvard or yale.
The American school is [Ilvermorny](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Ilvermorny_School_of_Witchcraft_and_Wizardry), and has been around since the early 1600s. It's more analogous to Harvard in prestige.
Part of it was demolished and condos were built on the property 
And played by John Goodman.
Fang would be a giant pit bull. 
I would watch Trailer Park Boys set in Harry Potter world!
'HOLY SHIT HARRY'
What the *fuck*, Harry?!?
"WHAT IN TARNATION HARRY!"
"God Dammit Harry!"
Magical Communications Degrees. 
"This is an essay on how rat tails are good in poshins. When you put them into the poshin it makes bubbles and then your poshin probably works better if the resipee said to use rat tail. I find rat tails to be a good ingrediant for poshins and I liked making poshins with them in Dr. Snape's poshin class."

[A- work right there.](http://www.eonline.com/news/525862/this-is-the-worst-college-paper-ever-written-and-it-got-an-a-because-it-was-written-by-an-athlete)
So like Ron?
We didn't come here to play school
I feel like the "secret" of magic would come out in about a week in the United States
I thought quidditch wasn't supposed to be as big over here... Our wizards play quodpot instead.  *BOOM*
Plus, Malfoy would have been taken away by men in black suits for that helicopter incident
I'm not too sure about that. The books take place in the 90s iirc. Air regulations were a lot more lax than they are now.
Actually DC is pretty protected with NASAMS, so I guess they wouldn't even scramble jets.
MURICA
The Weasley's with a classic like that? No. Arthur would have an 1974 AMC Gremlin.
Wasn't the Ford Anglia a bit of a boring passenger car?  Seems like a Ford Pinto or Mustang II might be a better choice.  
Why not a 1967 Chevy Impala? 
Yeah, there were so many things in Harry Potter that I thought were magical but were actually just british. 

Houses, prefects, headmasters, 'ministry of X', school starting in September...

It'd probably change the vibe of the series reading it growing up in the UK. 
Wait, what? Houses are an actual thing? What are they for? How are they sorted if not by a magical talking hat?
I'm American and my high school had houses
My HS has houses.  I was sorted into "House 1".

Go House 1!
My boarding school had "halls" which were like houses. 
Well Gryffindor and Slytherin would be Fraternities and Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw would be Sororities. 
My daughter's middle school has them, and this is in rural upstate NY.   It appears they may be starting to be a thing here. 
Some American junior high/middle schools do "Teams." There will be 2-5 homerooms  per a team and each homeroom teacher would teach a certain subject. Then with electives all teams mix depending (so for home ec, art, music, gym, etc). I could see them doing something like this for at least the younger students.

Or have people clumped by what track they are on. The AP/ honor students in one group, semi-honor in another, etc etc. 
Which is why I don't like that the American school has different houses. That's not a thing here. 
Not totally true....my catholic high school in Missouri used the housing system. It was very much like HP with house points, etc.
You can bet there would be some native american shaminism/ animal spirit stuff going down. Not to mention voodoo magic. I am willing to bet the New Orleans kids throw all the crazy wild parties. 
That was an interesting and well thought out reply. 
Maybe the professors are old mountain women who have definitely cursed people but also make a mean cornbread? That's what I think of when I think American witchcraft. 

Edit: Or Salem women. There would definitely be some history classes dedicated to remembering Salem and how to avoid that happening again. 
Except for the fact that in Fantastic Beasts they explored the fact that nomaji and wizard cohorting was very much disallowed, barring squibs marrying into human families.
Okay students, before we begin our lesson today let us pass around the peace pipe.
[History of Magic in North America](https://www.pottermore.com/collection-episodic/history-of-magic-in-north-america-en) from Pottermore. There definitely is a Native American influence in the American Magical World, in particular with the naming of the four Ilvermorny houses. But the Magical community is even MORE segregated from No-Majs due to a specific incident that was brought on by witch hunts. Look up [Rappaport's Law](https://www.pottermore.com/writing-by-jk-rowling/rappaports-law-en) and Dorcus Twelvetrees.
> Ok, this has been driving me crazy for seven movies now, and I know you're going to roll your eyes, but hear me out: Harry Potter should have carried a 1911.

> Here's why:

> Think about how quickly the entire WWWIII (Wizarding-World War III) would have ended if all of the good guys had simply armed up with good ol' American hot lead.

> Basilisk? Let's see how tough it is when you shoot it with a .470 Nitro Express. Worried about its Medusa-gaze? Wear night vision goggles. The image is light-amplified and re-transmitted to your eyes. You aren't looking at it--you're looking at a picture of it.

> Imagine how epic the first movie would be if Harry had put a breeching charge on the bathroom wall, flash-banged the hole, and then went in wearing NVGs and a Kevlar-weave stab-vest, carrying a SPAS-12.

> And have you noticed that only Europe seems to a problem with Deatheaters? Maybe it's because Americans have spent the last 200 years shooting deer, playing GTA: Vice City, and keeping an eye out for black helicopters over their compounds. Meanwhile, Brits have been cutting their steaks with spoons. Remember: gun-control means that Voldemort wins. God made wizards and God made muggles, but Samuel Colt made them equal.

> Now I know what you're going to say: "But a wizard could just disarm someone with a gun!" Yeah, well they can also disarm someone with a wand (as they do many times throughout the books/movies). But which is faster: saying a spell or pulling a trigger?

> Avada Kedavra, meet Avtomat Kalashnikova.

> Imagine Harry out in the woods, wearing his invisibility cloak, carrying a .50bmg Barrett, turning Deatheaters into pink mist, scratching a lightning bolt into his rifle stock for each kill. I don't think Madam Pomfrey has any spells that can scrape your brains off of the trees and put you back together after something like that. Voldemort's wand may be 13.5 inches with a Phoenix-feather core, but Harry's would be 0.50 inches with a tungsten core. Let's see Voldy wave his at 3,000 feet per second. Better hope you have some Essence of Dittany for that sucking chest wound. 

> I can see it now...Voldemort roaring with evil laughter and boasting to Harry that he can't be killed, since he is protected by seven Horcruxes, only to have Harry give a crooked grin, flick his cigarette butt away, and deliver what would easily be the best one-liner in the entire series:

> "Well then I guess it's a good thing my 1911 holds 7+1."

> And that is why Harry Potter should have carried a 1911.

Edit: [/r/guns Original source](https://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/gwl0v/why_harry_potter_should_have_carried_an_m1911/)
Still have to find those horcruxes
I think he killed more people before the Potter's so I'm guessing he would've been killed a lot earlier.

If it all took place in the US, Voldemort and the Death Eaters would've been taken down for being a terrorist group and if Voldemort had killed anybody, it'd more likely be in a mass shooting rather than breaking into houses and killing them. 
Harry Potter was born in 1980 so none of the post 9-11 heightened security would be around for any of the adventures (he's only 17 in the last book) 

Edit: said 1981 by accident at first
Bullshit, I can catch a commuter rail or Amtrak showing up 10 mins before departure (I'm in Boston).
I know its a joke, but you can just walk onto trains. Insane security is just airports.
He'd be secretly gay?
That threw me when I was a kid, since for us 'muricans a "cupboard" is a type of cabinet and not a small storage room.
And the hookers would be called Wizard Sleeves
In the lower class areas, the kids would ride mops, and even swiffers
"Harry Potter has a gun" 

Jolly good idea!
Harry Potter and the University of the Phoenix
With American accents.
##shouldvebeenmcgonagall it was #herturn
It would have been better if you had said headmaster.
"Accio Iraq's WMDs" would've been a pretty useful spell to have. Would've saved the world a whole pointless war and everything that came from it.

Although it might cause a bigger problem if accio objects appear on radar and you try it on a country that does have WMDs. It would look to the army like they're launching their nuclear arsenal at the US.
>EXPECTO PETROLEUM

I'm fucking dying
Apparently.
I have issues with JK's portrayal of the American wizarding world because it's very obviously someone writing about it with little frame of reference about US history or culture. Like an American's stereotype of Britain. Which makes sense, obviously, but still.
Isn't that set in the 1930's or whatever. Allot different compared to the 90's that the main series takes place in. 
This isn't asking about a story in the Harry Potter universe set in America. OP wants to know what would happen if it had started in America 
Even without Fantastic Beasts, there's the whole history of Ilvermorny and the history of witchcraft in America. 
Getting a loan from Gringotts would definitely be worrisome. Miss a payment, get eaten by a dragon.
They wouldn't have blugers, beaters would just head on collide with opponents. Magic would cure the shattered c1 vertebrae but further magical studies reveal 99% of beaters had major concussions
In America, it'd just be called Quidditch 
I'm sure, according to actual HP lore, there's a more popular sport in America called Quodpot featuring what I think is an exploding Quaffle they have to throw into a pot.
Brooms could be Freedom Flies.
I need this parody
I dont think they would know about wizardry.
Because coca cola sponsors so many non-wozarding schools in America, and advertising and sponsorship are more abundant here than in England? 
Harry actually inherited lots of money. It's in the first book.
"Sorry, bonelessness qualifies as a pre-existing condition"
This is the most far fetched theory in this sub. Get outta here with this nonsense.
Or alternatively, "fucking normies"

Oh wait, that's already a thing. 

Fucking normie.....
I would like to congratulate you on having the only legit answer
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter Beer.
and they wouldn't be allowed to drink it until 21
Hydrogenated soybean oil beer 
Butter beer lite? 
As if that wasn't already a regular occurrence 
There's already been like 12 Hogwarts school massacres.
Followed by Hufflepuff Massacre deniers.
Honestly how easy is it for a student to learn the Killing Curse and just one day going around and killing students with it?
That's way too close to The Dresden Files.
When you say Colt .45, are you referring to a 1911 or a malt beverage?
>Colt .45

Magic unnecessary, the Yankee's Fist is all you'll need
I'd like chapters 2 through 23 next please.
Bertie Bott's But Every Flavor Is Corn Syrup
I feel like this is the right answer.  A little more grounded in reality than Harry Potter but that just makes it better in my opinion.
I think the Dursleys would be more of that keeping-up-with-the-Jones's type of middle class who live in a brand new McMansion they can't afford 
I'm not American so forgive me if I get this wrong but I'd have thought Vernon Dursley would be more of a Hank Hill character. Blue Collar, White, Suburban type guy. 
I imagined the Dursleys would be WASPs
This comment being below the one about Hogwarts being in Scotland triggered an odd thought in my head. How pissed are the students from Edinburgh or Glasgow? Have to get all the way down to London just to sit on a train to take em back. How pissed would  you be?
go on...
and they wouldn't know who the daddy is....  
I'm pretty sure they were 13 at that point.
We have that too rip
i give you an upvote for Illvermorny and knowing your shit enough to make an educated post.
As funny as it seems, I was curious as other schools had been mentioned in the books, most notably in the Goblet of Fire during the Tri-Wizard Tournament where the other schools are involved and compete. So I looked up where some other magic teaching schools were in the Harry Potter universe and the one in the US is located in Massachusetts and teaches students from North America (presumably just Canada, US and Mexico but didn't look into Central America)
Came here for this. Great skit. "We got two little n*****s on Swiffers!"
Was it ever explained why no one ever just gunned down enemies...... I guess it's hard to get guns in Britain but still
Well its already in Scotland and thats a country that really fries everything. 
I picture the Weaslys as more of a Redneck type family in the US. I Picture them living in WV or Tenn, the twins get in trouble for making magically moonshine, Bill is wrangling wild dragons at young age up in the mountains, and Ron and Harry are off running through the woods looking for trouble. 
I read that as Pauly Shore - MUCH different...
This reminds me, I need to buy pasta.
Sure it's not Fetus Deletus?
and tweet
Hahahahaha. I can totally see Trump trying to convince everyone that wizards are real.
Except it would be the Secretary of Magic since we don't call them ministers in the U.S.
Donald J. Trump‏ ✓

@realDonaldTrump

The Crooked Minister for Magic is even worse than Crooked Hillary. We must DRAIN THE SEWER. Sad!

2:55 pm - 1 Aug 2017

31,899 Retweets 132,666 Likes

Reply 79K Retweet 32K Like 133K
To be fair they would probably make the bullets with magic. Much cheaper.
Dirty Harry Potter
If he's a cowboy, he's a rancher not a farmer.
It probably would've had more non-white actors if it was set in America... Britain and Ireland was over 93% white in the 1990s so only 7/100 students at most should've been non-white, and there were far more than that in hogwarts 
Have my upvote for Eddie Izzard reference.  Not enough around reddit.
I was dead at the time!
Dress To Kill is my favorite stand-up of all time.
"We are up to here with castles. How I long for a bungalow!"
It almost went extinct in Texas when it was made legal to hunt them from helicopters.
More like 6 inches and connected to a football coach.
It's gaze just give you a stiffy. 
Except it will be for American Quidditch, which is completely unrelated to what the rest of the world plays and they will have a world series or something similar to show of their superiority. 
It'd be hundred of years old then.
Or anywhere in Lovecraft country really, the whole north shore could work. Rural Maine is also an option 
The American school is called Ilvermorny. It's located at Mt Graylock in Massachusetts. 
So they have class in the portables? Did anyone else's school have trailers or was that just mine?
So it takes place in the Midwest and there are construction barrels everywhere?
Everyone's boggart would be graduating.
Too real
Exactly, even my west coast university is 150 years old.
Agreed; Harvard was established in 1636.
John Goodman playing a pit bull? Could happen I suppose.
Oooo! I'd be okay with that though.
Lol I'm imagining Harry walking to the room with the trap door and Mr Worldwide is just hanging out like it's a Walmart in Alaska. 
  That would be Canada.
FUUUUUUCK!
"Goddammit Harry!"
Can someone please just edit all the movies to say what the fuck, but like in a British accent
WHAT IN TRANSFIGURATION HARRY?!
Magical African Studies Degrees
Nah, they'd totally all major in Muggle Studies.
Communications or Communication? Communications is a degree in things like tv broadcasting and radio. Communication is philosophy and rhetoric
I... uh... fuck. 

Didn't realize what you were doing until I read the link. I was like, "the hell is a poshin??" 

Good work, mate. 
Unfortunately, that "paper" was completely misrepresented. At best, it was flawed reporting that got the facts wrong. At worst, it was intentionally dishonest - either on the part of Willingham or ESPN.

"According to ESPN’s source, what the network’s cameras captured was not a paper from one of UNC’s fake classes. Nor was it necessarily a finished piece of work. It was most likely a draft of one piece of a take-home final for a legitimate introductory course. The student did not earn the A- for the paper specifically, but for the entire, completed class."

http://www.slate.com/blogs/moneybox/2014/04/03/the_146_word_essay_that_got_a_unc_jock_an_a_here_s_the_real_story.html
I worked in a college writing center, that is far from the worst paper I've ever seen. It has coherent sentences, grammar, and seems to use all real words.

Not really acceptable for a final paper usually, but if it was for a remedial English class or something, it could be good work.
That link was torture to open on mobile, so here's (what I think is) the main quote :

> she claims this paper got an A-. And it was a final paper. This is the accumulation of a semester's work and it's only 146 words long. The essay has been transcribed on many sites as such: 

>>On the evening of December Rosa Parks decided that she was going to sit in the white people section on the bus in Montgomery, Alabama. During this time blacks had to give up there seats to whites when more whites got on the bus. Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat. Her and the bus driver began to talk and the conversation went like this. "Let me have those front seats" said the driver. She didn't get up and told the driver that she was tired of giving her seat to white people. "I'm going to have you arrested," said the driver. "You may do that," Rosa Parks responded. Two white policemen came in and Rosa Parks asked them "why do you all push us around?" The police officer replied and said "I don't know, but the law is the law and you're under arrest." 
Hoogwerts does not have a vending machine. It smells, and I thank God every day I get home that I didn't get exploded. The end.
If Harry Potter was set in the US, Ron would be, like, from Kentucky or Alabama.
no Ron sucked at Quidditch
What helicopter incident?
I don’t think he meant from an faa standpoint, more from a security standpoint. Also not really, they’re mostly the same. 

*Security outside of boarding the plane that is 
Yeah, but you probably would be captured/tracked by Air Force jets if you flew a fucking [Ford Anglia](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Flying_Ford_Anglia) (a car, mind you, was produced from 1939-1967, and could never fly) over the White House or any other government building, even if it was the 90's. The internet was just starting up, so Ron would get captured for interrogation.
Or like a pinto with no hubcaps
Or a Chevy Geo. Maybe even the same color as the one he had in the books
Haha, Gremlin.  Is that a crazy thing to call a car, or what?  Seems pretty self deprecating.

Here's my new car, the 2017 Ford Fuckstick.
maybe a late 70's Buick.
Too many weapons and salt weighing it down.
"Son of a bitch!"
Whoa wait, are you implying that there are states so evil and morally deprived that they would start school in August? Before Summer is even over? 

I seriously thought every US public school started the week of Labor day until just now. I mean what else is labor day there for?
My public school in New York starts in September, so it's an American thing too. Granted I have also lived in California and they started in August there.
Does school not start in September where you live?
Competition mainly. Like, you know how there's the House Cup where each team fields a Quidditch team? Like that but with real sports, like footy and rugby.

Sorting is random, except that siblings are usually put in the same house.

My school had 6 houses, each with a distinct tie so you could identify each other. It was pretty neat.
Really mundanely unfortunately... via which class you get put in. Depending on how seriously your school takes it, houses can be as involved in day to day life as in Harry Potter or more like my old school, they brought them back jumping on the bandwagon and literally only really have a real purpose for sports day as teachers are too lazy to give/count, house points for any other activity.
That's the other thing, the potter world is all boarding schools but thats not something that most Americans ever experience unless they've got a lot of $$$$.
I was about to be like "how do you know which is which tho?" But then I remembered Godric and Salazar; Helga and Rowena.
yeah that's probably the closest analogy. kids don't have to join but it's seen as a really big deal so most do. could have a lot of interesting storylines with the kids who don't though.
> Not to mention voodoo magic. I am willing to bet the New Orleans kids throw all the crazy wild parties. 

They've got friends on the other side.
New Orleans magic aka Voodoo?
Quidditch road matches at LSU would be a blast. 
Yeah it was actually pretty thoughtful and relevant.

*Downvotes*
Does nobody remember that we got a movie about this stuff? And a bunch of extra web content?
J.K Rowling actually mentions witch burning in The Prisoner of Azkaban. Real Witches and Wizards weren't that bothered by Witch burnings since they could just enchant the fire so as to not harm them and then pretend to experience pain. 

http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Witch_Burning_in_the_Fourteenth_Century_Was_Completely_Pointless_%E2%80%94_discuss
The Native American influence does appear to be true to some degree though at least, going by the Ilvermorny house names.
that mimics real class relations at that point in time though- it was illegal in many places for a POC to marry a white person, for example. Now it's much more common even though there is still a decent amount of backlash against it. I assume it would at least be similar in the wizarding world. 
That movie was also set in the early 1900's... (1920's if I remember correctly) and I'm sure that fell out of practice in the last 100 years or so... 
This is amazing... Where is it from?
> The image is light-amplified and re-transmitted to your eyes. You aren't looking at it--you're looking at a picture of it.  
  
Wouldn't you still be petrified though, in the same way that Colin Creevey was petrified for seeing the Basilisk through his camera?


I always told my friends that in a war with humanity the wizards would lose.
Also, in the canon of literature it is explained that there are protection spells against battery from physical objects. so.. bullets would do fuck all. So you would pull out your pistol, fire madly and bullets would gently bounce off the wizards who would then ream you apart limb from limb. 
Or just shoot him once a decade.
Nah, the US has a long history of not giving a shit about violent groups lynching people who they consider to be of inferior blood.
yeah until [wizard 9/11](https://youtu.be/uU4byhwRyaw)
Even if it took place today, there's still no security at train stations. When I go to pick my mom up from Amtrak, I wait for her right on the platform.
It's both for us. 
Already had wizard Sleeves. My MTI yelled at me for 15 minutes because of it. 
and the rich kids would ride Dysons
Yeah.

@ 2:20 http://www.cc.com/video-clips/p9do4b/key-and-peele-inner-city-wizard-school
Expecto Patronum becomes "BREAK YO SELF FOO!"
"Avada Kedavra bitch ass"


BANG BANG BANG BANG
The Dresden Files
wizards have magic, muggles didn't, till Samuel colt made them equal
This is the the first one to have have me laughing out loud. Well done!
Daniel Day Lewis would play Harry 
And then somehow peeves gets elected headmaster instead 
The what?
Of course, but a lot of the assumptions made here are very clearly explained in that movie (and maybe book, never read it)
It would just be an entirely different game. 
I can't wait for Hermione to get addicted to Chocolate Frogs and have a breakdown in Harry's arms while singing "I'm So Excited"
That never stopped the WBC. They would protest anyway.
Yeah, that second point is dumb as fuck. It'd be something like Rhode Island Institute of Wizardry (if we're hitting it from a college perspective) or like the Elizabeth Proctor Wizarding School (more of a elementary/high school name). 
Harry is the 1%.
Yeah but he'd go into severe debt from school and have no money left.
Inheritance tax that mofo!
The two series of basilisk attacks (which isn't really a massacre imo, only one person died) and the battle of hogwarts is all I can think of. 
It's a false flag perpetrated by the government to justify taking your wands away!
According to Barty Crouch jr., when he was masquerading as Moody, the Killing Curse is a very advanced piece of magic. Requires a lot of power. He claimed that the students can cast it at him full force and he doubts he'll get a nosebleed. So probably not that easy.

>Avada Kedavra’s a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it — you could all get your wands out now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I’d get so much as a nosebleed. 

Is the exact quote
...this is a bad thing?  The Dresden Files are awesome!
1911 of course...  though the alternative would be funny as hell.

The Dursleys would be exactly like Matilda's parents from the movie.
Yeah, people don't really appreciate the satirical spectrum of the Dursleys enough. It's like a warm-up before she wrote that book "Casual Vacancy" few years ago.
I mean, those two groups aren't exactly mutually exclusive

Though now that you mention it, they seem more Simpsons-esque
Not WASPs per se but more like living in a newly developed, sterile, soulless suburb with 4000 sqft homes and making Vernon's job as an assistant regional sales manager sound like it was actually important. Instead of the school uniform that Dudley paraded around in, it would be his football or baseball uniform for the same high school team that his dad played for and "almost got a scholarship!" for. Petunia would be bitter over her sister getting out of the boring life they had but never admit it. 
Was it ever confirmed anywhere that all of the students had to arrive by Hogwarts Express? 

Like obviously we have Harry and Ron missing the train and flying a fucking car across the country instead, which is fairly irregular, but what if some kid who grew up in Hogsmeade goes to Hogwarts?  Because you're right, it makes zero sense to have them _[insert travel method]_ to London just to get on the train to go back home.
Sure they would. If it comes out with red hair and hand-me-down clothes, it must be a Weasley.
The daddy is Plagueis the Wise.
And they'd have to go on the Magical Maury Show
Maury Povitch: Hermione Granger, When asked if you ever gave Harry a Dirty Merlin you said no, but after giving you Veritaserum, we determined that was a lie you now say more than 8 times and once with Hagrid and Fang
His point still stands true.
My middle school had kids fucking. Had a few get kicked out for fucking in the stairwell.
Fine, 2nd book then.
Thank you, I'm a big believer in the idea that environment and technology dictate architecture and whilst it's not a fanciful as having a castle it's far more realistic.
But what I really don't like about Ilvermorny is what do they do with the French-Canadians? As a French-Canadian, I know a lot of my classmates don't speak very good English and some don't even know it at all... My friend actually failed English during the first term. So yeah, I feel bad for French-Canadian wizards.
I imagine there would also be a splinter wizard school in Virginia or Alabama formed in the 1860s because *we can't send our good Southern boys up to learn from those Yankees*. This school would have a terrible curriculum yet an aristocratic sense of superiority. Also they would be bigoted enough to make the Death Eaters look like the Selma civil rights marchers. 
Sometimes the kids like to become rats and sneak into my office.... oh wait, that's just a rat. 

Amazing
'Accio Ak47'
For the "good guys", killing people with guns would be a bit extreme and inhumane, and for the "bad guys", guns would be viewed as a new, bad technology, which is the same reason people don't use electric appliances in Harry potter
Scottish, can confirm.

Never lived until you've had deep fried pizza.
I agree, rednecks are more like them.
Accio covfefe
Just discovered Eddie Izzard a few days ago. Absolutely hilarious.
Do you have a flag? No flag, no country!
Alcatraz!
I was on the moon! ...with Steve!
badass
If you're not from America and are currently wondering what we do in our free time. It's hunting from helicopters. 
> Except it will be for American Quidditch

*[Quodpot](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Quodpot)
Not if it was built as a cash grab.
Nah, non-dischargeable student loans. 

You make it funny by having Trump forgive them. Haha!
Ah, the old reddit [wizard-trash-a-roo] (https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/6rcksk/scooty_loves_to_play_ball_by_the_pool/dl46sfo?context=3) !
Nah Gary Oldman would play the pit bull. Dude can morph into any role.

Edit: spelling
Nah man, you're thinking of Fluffy
I lose my shit every time I hear someone refer to him as mr worldwide. 
I almost completely forgot we sent Pit Bull to Alaska... to a Wal-Mart in Alaska, specifically.
Can we please have a Jim Lahey Voldemort?

"D'y'hear that, Malfoy?"

"Hear what Mr. Voldemort?"

"It's already started my dear good friend. The Shitwizard Tournament."
"You Be a Wizard, Dawg"
Harry, that idea is almost as fucking stupid as my mother after two beers.
Ah fuck, I can't believe you've done this.
WHAT INCANTATION, HARRY?
Black magic?
Magical Islamic Literature Degrees.
Poshin seller. I want only your strongest poshins.
The conclusion of that article is fairly damning though,

> In the end, though, I don’t think the details change much of what this image stands for: a student-athlete who could not possibly have been receiving the education he came for.
I was thinking probably midwest, like Iowa or something. He is from a family with a whole bunch of kids that is poor but has enough for food on the table. Weasley kinda remind me of a farm family.
I could definitely picture Ron in a racoon skin hat driving an old pick-up.  
He was actually good once he got passed his mental block
When he was bragging about his flying experience  before the first flying lesson, he said he was caught flying near muggle helicopters.
Even from a security standpoint chances are they still wouldn't be shot down. Remember during 9/11 they launched 2 F-16's to stop any more potential jet crashes but they didn't launch with any armaments so all they could do was ram them with their jet? That was when the country was at it's highest alert point.
At least you're less likely to get rear ended in the air.
Sam and Dean would take care of Peeves pretty quickly.
Where I live in America some schools went back this last Tuesday. I remember going back sometime in September or late August when I was a kid. I always thought it was crazy for school to start late August, but apparently August first is fair game now. I even heard of one school near me that started last week, in July.
I had this at school and sixth form but not at university. Just so you know, you would never hang around exclusively with people from your house. But when you did compete against each other it was always pretty exciting.

Our school used to have other creative stuff like song-writing competitions, piano recitals, and weird baking challenges that could win house-points too.

Oh, that's really cool. In America the sports competitions are between schools. Like my high school had an 80 year rivalry with this other high school that had kind of gone to shit since the rivalry started so we always won but we always lost to the rich kid school that had state of the art facilities. Do they have inter-school stuff in the UK along with the stuff between houses?
In my school it was random so you would still have a fairly even mix of houses in each class. Makes assigning teams in PE easy.

And yeah, it was mainly a thing for sports only.
This is also true in the UK
I am 90% sure if there were a modern, American hogwarts the theater kids at the school would use this to their full advantage.

And now Macbeth with actual ghosts and witches! 


I totally swear I did not blank on the word. Nope, not at all. 
In *Fantastic Beasts* the magic President lady is wearing a tignon, which said to me that she was a New Orleans Voodoo Queen.
Yeah what the fuck is this quality content on Reddit GET IT OFF NOW
That must have been real awkward when the fire burned out and they were still not dead so the peasants just stabbed them to death.
Thunderbird represent!
> going by the Ilvermorny house names.

there should be a secret, Miskatonic-style school, hidden in Boston, like Grimmauld Place

Boston is old enough, and storied enough, to have a tiny Wizard's Porcellian, at least.
According to the background from pottermore, there were already Native American wizards when Ilvermorny was being founded, and the founders asked them to help teach at the school in exchange for teaching them how to make wands (a practice that wasn't prevalent in the Americas until the 1600s.) 
I don't think it was about racism, though. I think it was about secrecy. Like, it wasn't "Gross, they're not magic" it was "In the interest of keeping all of this a damn secret, don't marry anyone that isn't magic."
It is originally from this /r/guns thread https://www.reddit.com/r/guns/comments/gwl0v/why_harry_potter_should_have_carried_an_m1911/
Then you might like The Dresden Files. Except he carries a Dirty Harry special instead of a 1911
Depends. If I'm not mistaken, modern night-vision gear creates an enhanced digital image in front of your eyes. A camera like Creevey's likely uses a series of mirrors and lenses to put the light into your viewfinder. One is fairly direct, but the other has no cross-transmission between the input light and the output light.
>I always told my friends that in a war with humanity the wizards would lose. 

Open war, yeah, but in a shadow war they'd just mind control all the important people and have them fight eachother. 
Couldn't someone with a rifle and a distant vantage point be able to catch a wizard in a position where they wouldn't think to cast a protection spell?
Presumably you would enchant the bullets to get around those spells. 
damn
9 & 3/4/11
floo fire can't burn wand wood?
What the piss is that trainee!
Wizard sleeve master race. Currently at work, currently enjoying cool air circulate around my forearms.
I understand that reference

t.airman
Or riding roombas like hoverboards.
I was looking for the link on youtube. Thank you
Much better!
Also everyone holds their wand sideways even though it makes aiming harder
You conjured? 
AKA The Best Series Ever
What? Fantastic beasts and where to find them was set in America. It was part of the Harry Potter Universe if that's what you're wondering.
There's really not much story in the book. It's literally just pretty much the book Newt wrote about the beasts. It's not like an actual story, it was for comic relief. 
And they'd call actual Quidditch "flying ball" or some shit
#GOD HATES EVERYONE BUT US
If you are ever in Topeka, I highly recommend visiting the Equality House (painted rainbow) across the street from WBC.
He really is, though. Most people forget he comes from an old wizarding family, is a pureblood (edit: halfblood, lily was a muggleborn and i'm retarded) and sits on a literal mound of gold. Not to mention, he is a celebrity.
Especially because of the medical expenses the annual 'Holy Shit!! I almost died' injuries he suffers just before finals week.
You guys are treating Hogwarts like it's college, middle school/high school is free man
Except that the US has some of the lowest estate/inheritance taxes in the world...
They would have already banned:  

* Wands with a length over 18".
* Evil black wands.
* Wands that hold more than 15 mana.
* Wands that don't require a "swish and flick" for each cast spell.
* One-handed wands that have "any apparatus or attachment meant to facilitate two-handed use."
* Wands that cast silently.
* Wands with a "thing that goes up."

Also It's said that you really have to really want the target dead. As in truly and on an emotional level. Harry can't perform cruciatus for that reason when he tries on the person he hates most in the world, he is too good of a person to actually want to cause that level of suffering on an emotional level. 

Probably why it's not used all that much, humans have an in-built resistance to killing, a gun is "easier" as it is a layer of separation and "not real" using the killing curse would be like strangling someone with bare hands but 10x more visceral. 

You basically have to be a psychopath to even cast it. Explains why the execution Vail and pool exist. It's doubtful anyone could use that curse and not be twisted by it, even with a supreme moral code. 

 
And it needs the intent behind it, Harry is quite the wizard yet he couldn't get a single cruccio out.
IKR? I would totally watch/read that 
"*EXPECTO STRIPPERS*, let's get crunked!"  \*chugs from bottle\*
That sounds like an insult from Draco Malfoy, son of Texas oil baron Lucius, inventor of the petroleum detection spell. 
But the kid wouldn't be told that story.
Some crossovers are not meant to be.
What is going on in America?
Because the UK has no teenage pregnancies...
I remember when I was 13 years old a girl in my class was pregnant.

I was old for my year.
you're welcome, it was a well thought out post.

having grown up in MA myself and knowing eastcoast architecture i'd really have to agree. i can see something like [Bradford(MA)](http://assets.atlasobscura.com/media/W1siZiIsInVwbG9hZHMvcGxhY2VfaW1hZ2VzLzlhYzU5MWFiYWI3NjFhOGMzOF9icmFkZm9yZC5qcGciXSxbInAiLCJ0aHVtYiIsIngzOTA-Il0sWyJwIiwiY29udmVydCIsIi1xdWFsaXR5IDkxIC1hdXRvLW9yaWVudCJdXQ) College(before it closed) being a good choice

as much as i agree with you, i think that Illvermorny is a castle simply because the founder wanted to go to Hogwarts *sooooooo badly* and couldn't. Illvermorny gets it's similarities to Hogwarts for this reason alone.



Wait, are there really young Québécois who do not speak English? I'm dimly aware that Quebec kinda has its own thing going, but surely English is taught as at least a second language.
Sadly, I don't think JK thought about the language issue very thoroughly.

For instance, the Portuguese-language Castelobruxo caters to the rest of Spanish-speaking Latin America, the French-language Beauxbatons would have students speaking about a dozen of different languages, and Uagadou's students would speak hundreds. Not to mention we don't really know what language Durmstrang teaches in, but the Malfoys thought of sending Draco there.
"accio nuclear weapons"
So microwaving some mac n cheese would be a bit extreme and inhumane for good guys?
Or a pizza crunch
Or Westerners. Small house on an old ranch. Arthur is magical equivalent of county clerk or other similar municipal authority.

The rest stands as written.
"These aren't women's clothes, these are my clothes! I bought them!"
Personal recommendation is to watch his show Definite Article, far and away my favourite of his.
Sure, it could be anything since this is fiction but imo the best  narrative would be it was started around the time of the witch trials. 
Hold my wand, I'm going in!
Gabriel Iglesias?
He Who Must Not Be Sober
"Harry!" 

*falls down the stairs*

"Don't know where I could get little butterbeer around here, do ya bud?" 
Shitwizard tournament? Is Khadgar in it?
Oh Lord Voldemort, not another night of the shit-abyss!
I can already imagine an American remake where Snoop plays Hagrid. "They snizzled my wizzle and then expizzled me from Hogizzle."
This is the version of Harry Potter I never knew I wanted till now
WHAT IN CONJURATION HARRY?
DARKNESS
African-American magic, actually. 
no but just like magic the job it gets you is make believe.
Magical gender studies Degrees
You can't handle my strongest poshins!
Eh your thinking of farm family's from the 30's. Farmers have tractors that drive themselves now, no need for 6 kids.
Do...you think people in the south wear raccoon skin hats?
Huh, thanks. I can't remember that bit, but I believe you.
Actually it was more about him bragging about almost running into helicopters all the time which Ron disbelieved. 
> all they could do was ram them with their jet

Hey, it's a [tried and tested technique](http://i.imgur.com/JMGeRz1.jpg)  

The RAF used Spitfires to essentially high five V1 flying bombs mid-air whilst the pilots said "Luftwaffe pls go"
It would depend where they were, if they were heading for the White House or capital building something would be done given proper reaction time. That wasn’t because they weren’t allowed to though that was because they were scrambled so quickly they weren’t armed with air to air missles or cannon, they just lacked the ability not the authority 
Not if the Ghostfacers get there first and get in the way
Now I want an episode of Supernatural where they go undercover in a boarding school and hunt the creepy ghost in the boys bathroom.
Essentially the same as colleges at university. Oxford, Cambridge, Durham and a few others have them. Mostly important for sporting competition and formal swaps (where you go to eachothers' college, eat, party and hopefully pull).
Yes, there is inter-school sports as well as between houses.
Yeah we do. Often if the schools are in the same city. 

If the schools are posher you tend to get more far afield rivalries too. For instance our school was seen as being pretty posh, and had a rivalry with two private schools, including regular sports fixtures. 

You then also get regional sports leagues between schools. 
Ah so I'm like talking about the class which dictated your house would be the one where you would be in for registration in the morning then you'd have mixed in lessons. Also having done some work experience to be a PE teacher houses are quite useful as the school had house PE kits, so easy to organise teams haha
> I am 90% sure if there were a modern, American hogwarts the theater kids at the school would use this to their full advantage.

[It's called Ilvermorny.](https://www.pottermore.com/writing-by-jk-rowling/ilvermorny)
^^^^Imayhaveupdooted
Just like close your eyes and stick out your tongue or something. Look real dead, real good. 
Apparate away while you're 'on fire' so that even your body disappears and they are even more convinced that you were a witch.
There's probably some spell to transfigure your body into a pile of ash.
that actually still does resemble racism/segregation though - ie, "in the interest of keeping the races separate, don't marry anyone that isn't your race"
But it also destroyed the film that captured the image (iirc). If it destroys things that captures its image as well then the goggles would break 

Unless the reason the film was destroyed is due to their magic moving pictures needing special film  
if it's retransmitted they are probably changing the signal from analog to digital too
Yeah, high powered rifle rounds travel faster than the speed of sound. The wizard would be dead before they heard the shot 
A very useful tactic, once. Then every wizard starts carrying around protective amulets all the time.
9.75/11 doesn't roll off the tongue I guess.
All the while doing that flat hand pointing thing that they all did.
lmfao. the image that gave me is awesome
"Sideways"
The next book is taking so long.
I know. I was pretending to forget about it
As I recall, it was literally their text book with some notes in the ledgers by the trio.
He's not pureblood, isn't his mother muggle-born? IIRC, to be pureblood, your whole line has to be wizards, no muggles in your heritage.
Harry's a half-blood.
And not just want the target dead, but murdered. Remember, when Harry tried to use the Cruciatus Curse on Bellatrix it failed, because he cast it out of grief, pain and righteous anger. He cast it out of vengeance. It failed because to cast it truly, you need to truly, in a completely sadistic way, want to inflict pain. With the Killing Curse I'd imagine it's similar. Wanting the target dead because they killed someone you love wouldn't cut it.
Oh shit, it's the Slytherins!  *ACCIO GAT* - let's take 'em!
That would be treason, then.
It's not a story the ministry of magic would tell you
It's not a story the Ministry of Magic would tell you.
freedom
My girlfriend knew someone who had a kid at 13.
Between tea time and playing polo in the garden they just don't have the time to get it on.
Your last point is a good one, we shouldn't underestimate the mentality of "it's built like Hogwarts because how we think magical schools are supposed to look" - especially in a world where building is presumably much easier due to fewer constraints on time and resources thanks to magic.

It might even have a slightly "McMansion Castle" vibe - not too much of a charicature, but with several anachronisms coming from its nature as something built to look like a castle rather than fulfilling one's needs.
It is. But the main goal is not to make the kids bilingual but to teach them the basics which are easily forgotten when not often put in practice. Kids from the big cities (like Montréal) are more often in contact with the english language than kids from smaller cities. So yeah english is a second language for some but not everyone :)
"Is that you talking, Mr. Voldemort, or the horcrux?"

"Malfoy... I am the horcrux."
You a Wizzle Dizzle, my Hizzle.
Snoop would be like sassy the sasquatch.
I demand you rewrite all of his lines as snoop dogg
"I shoun'ta said dat, *beeeitch*"
Snoop would be in Husslepuff
I'd watch the hell out of that.
Only if Martha Stewart plays McGonagall!
NO PARENTS
"Magical" would imply it could get you a job.
MY potions could kill a dragon, LET ALONE A MAN!
You have no respect for knights! 
Yea but the wizarding culture feels like medieval times and didnt use any modern technology. I imagine wizarding culture in the US would be somewhat similar but more based on the early colonial times.
Only when flying old pick ups. 
First book, chapter 9:
>Malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot. He complained loudly about first years never getting on the House Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters.
It was just a little one-off conversation, probably why you dont remember it
Draco's prepubescent years would make for a much more interesting book than Harry's.
There was an episode where they went undercover into a high school because of a ghost of a kid who had a big grudge on Sam

Dean was the substitute gym teacher and Sam I think was the janitor
Ehhhhhhh I am personally not a fan. It seems extremely half baked. I feel like there's a lot more interesting stuff you could draw from North American culture wise, such as southern/ voo doo magics or maybe something that takes inspiration from art deco or dieselpunk. 
Fuckin treacherous scumbag arsefanny

^^^^/s
I can't even fucking read this without casting the magnify spell. downvote.
but then they bury you

or embalm and then bury you
Apples and Oranges

Similar and capable of being talked about under the same banner but different in some fundamental ways.
Can't have the whites finding out the secret to why Asians are so good at Maths...
Enchant the bullets to pierce protective spells
IMO the best arrangement for pronunciation is "Nine-eleven and three quarters."
Knife hand.
Forget about what?
To be fair, it was about a bajillion times better than that The play that shall not be named.
It was like a D&D monster manual but with much less stuff in it
Only in the first couple of editions, iirc. I saw a copy in a store a little while back and it didn't have any of those annotations. I imagine it was printed post-movie, which would explain the change
And it was like a 50 page paperback
Harry himself is half blood, but the point here is that his family is an old pureblood line, so rich as balls. 
Which explains why it's classed as totally unusable (by anyone, for any reason).

It makes a lot of sense as to why other curses exist (like Molly's freeze and shatter combo) which don't require the same level of sadism to perform. 
And that's how I met your mother!
That amount of magic is not available in this world.
Poshin seller. I'm going into battle and I want only your strongest poshins.
I can't imagine that magical plows wouldn't be able to pull themselves. 
So... they'd be Amish, right? 
>arsefanny


Now is that like butt butt or butt vagina?
Currently at tech school, this is too close to joke about 
Exactly.
This made me sad to see, as I wanted to gift it to someone. But it didn't have the notes/jokes like my copy has. Not. The. Same.
"Televangelist degree"
Mrs Weasley had food that literally cooked itself, she had a house constructed with magic, she still had a bunch of kids.
It's arsefanny

^^^buttvagina
The Poconos? 
Yeah. It's this mountain range
A mountain range you say? 
How would Harry Potter be different if it took place in the United States?

"I love to laugh."   Have you ever in your life seen someone break out in laughter and then be like 'ahh...FUCK NO!  I HATE LAUGHING SO MUCH!'
OH YOU LIKE TO TRAVEL AND YOU'RE FLUENT IN SARCASM?
I know a middle-age mom who likes to drink wine at night.    
Liking "geeky" things like Star Wars, Harry Potter, and superhero movies. Those are three of the most popular franchises of all time.
Saw this somewhere:     

> Q: What makes you unique?     
> A: I'm an identical twin.

I get where they're coming from, but...
Naming their kids Braxton, Jaxon, Makaylynn or any other "creative and unique" name. I work with kids. I've met a million Braxtons, etc. you're not unique or creative. But 90% of the time, kids with names like that are little shits.
this thread is basically a massive tinder bio
Having controversial opinions for the sake of being controversial. There are millions of attention seekers.
Go on, tell me more about how you don't like pop.  Oh, you prefer alternative?  Oh, like coldplay.  Yes, I've heard of them.
Saying "I'm not like other girls." Oh, you like football, Marvel movies, hunting, or something else? Guess what, a bunch of women do. You're not special because you have an interest. 
"I'm so awkward haha"
Very few things are truly unique.

Even being one in a million would mean you're 1 of 7,500 people in the world who're like that.
Drinking their coffee black.

Having "wanderlust".
Mental illness

I've heard far too many teens who talk about they're totally (self-diagnosed) bipolar, schizophrenic, sociopathic, or suicidal just to be special and "hardcore."
Tattoos and piercings
There's more salt in this thread than that big lake in Utah...
Not liking popular movies or tv. "Am i the only one who doesn't like Rick and Marty/Game of Thrones/Star Wars???" No. Plenty of people don't like everything. 
Calling themselves the "nice guy"
Any one quality that people think makes them unique is wrong. There will be hundreds of thousands, if not millions or even billions of other people with the exact same quality, interests, or what have you.

What makes people unique is the *combination* of qualities, interests, hopes, experiences, etc. that combine to make our personalities. People are greater than the sum of their parts. That's why any single quality that you admire about someone seems insignificant when looked at in a vacuum, because it turns out lots of people have that quality.
A terribly misspelled and/or phonetically spelled first name.
I feel like a lot of things to be honest. 

A lot of people can sing, dance, and play an instrument. A lot of people have traveled the world. A lot of people volunteer for charities. 

However one thing I've noticed in people that makes them feel unique is having any sorta life crisis. Anxiety of being on your own for the first time, getting your heart broken, depression. These are all things that can be very challenging to overcome. But these are all struggles that a lot of people overcome. And it's actually pretty great to know that you aren't alone. 
Making this fucking joke on Super Bowl Sunday, during the World Series or any other major sporting event: "Go sportsball! I hope Tom Brady hits a slam dunk!" to show their indifference for sports. 
"My eyes are green but sometimes they change to dark blue and have flecks of gold. They can react to my mood, like once when I was angry, I saw them change into a purple color!" They are just eyes, dude. 
Liking unicorns, having bright dyed hair, tattoos
People who pretend to be the strong and silent type. 
I don't know about men. But a lot of us women, when we're really young, think we're terribly mature for our age and that's why we will never date men our own age and go for older men only.

"Not" being mainstream. I feel like the not mainstream has become the mainstream at this point.
People who call themselves nerds for liking:

* Harry Potter
* Star Wars
* Lord of the Rings
* Game of Thrones

That's not "being a nerd", that's "liking things that are popular."
Their problems. A lot of people think they are the only ones that have them, but turns out there are a million other people in the world that have your exact same problem, or worse.
Being a self-proclaimed anything.
People who think crystals gives them magical powers
"I'm not like other girls," says the girl who is like all the other girls who say they are not like other girls.
people with medical conditions. I feel like some people really push them so that you have to tip toe around their special needs. 

Im sure some people have genuine needs but i think alot of people push it too far. For instance my mother in law makes out like she is deadly allergic to deoderant, aftershave or any other "artificial smell" and is always making sure on one is wearing anything wherever she goes. Although she never has any reaction when someone does wear something. Although if someone confesses to a smell somewhere. the reaction is pretty overblown IMO
When they're SO ENLIGHTENED because they're (vegan, spiritual, bilingual, etc.).

Bitch, most of the world is bilingual.
Tribal Tattoos 
"Dude, I invented something amazing yesterday."

"Oh, yeah? What is it?"

"It's the most amazing video game *ever!*"

"That's not really an 'invention,' but okay. Can I play it?"

"What? No! It's not like I made the entire thing last night!"

"Right, of course, sorry. How much of it *did* you finish making?"

"... I mean, ninety percent of the work is coming up with the concept."

"It really isn't."

"You don't get it, dude. This will be the *best video game ever!*"

"Do you have any idea how many people have said identical things?"

"Yeah, but this idea is different."

"How so?"

"Because... because it's *better*."

"Uh huh. Let me guess: It's like 'Skyrim' but with Pokémon or something."

"... No."

"And also some lightsabers."

"Shut up."

"Fine, sorry. Hey, did I tell you about this novel that I'm writing?"

------

**TL;DR: Everyone has "amazing ideas." Very few of them are unique.**
People claiming to be OCD and that's why they do things a certain way. You're not OCD and no one cares you do something a particular way 

Edit: added a word
Their disability. Like when someone introduces themselves as "Depressed, suffering from ADD and anxiety".

I understand why people do it, it's important to not be ashamed, but I think at a point it becomes insensitive to people that feel like  a disability should not define who they are. It seems like they are trying to fit in somehow.
people who think they the shit for eating oatmeal 

like fuck you, i eat oatmeal too u fucking asshole
High results from "What's your IQ?" quizzes from the internet
Eh.. probably mental Illness. Seems like damn near everyone has some form of mental illness.
Girls that workout that suddenly think they could take a man in a fight.

I'm not talking about women who train as wrestlers, bjj, muay thai, boxing, etc. Those girls could kick my ass and props to them.

I'm talking about the girl who starts dead lifting and squatting and "making gains" and "new pr!" and then a month into it have this mentality "I could probably lift more than most guys" or "bro I lift I could kick your ass".
Their astrological sign. "I'm a leo." Cool, I imagine about 1/12th of the rest of the world is too.
Having sex.
I mean, we didn't get to 7bi people through *in vitro*
Pink/Blue/Geen Hair
Just about every male goes through the following process during adolescence:

1. "Everyone else has more friends than me, is more attractive than me, and is funnier than I am."
2. "Wait, it's not that they're *actually* better than me; it's that I'm too good to be recognized as such!"
3. "I'm better than everyone. If only people would notice."
4. "Maybe I'm not actually better than everyone. Maybe we all feel this way."
5. "I used to think I was better than everyone. Now that I don't, I'm clearly special."
6. "Yep, I'm definitely special. If only people would notice."
7. "I'd better *tell* people how special I am... particularly if they're female."
8. "See? *See?* I can spot all the flaws in those other guys, because I'm special!"
9. "Maybe I'm not actually special. Maybe we all feel this way."
10. "I used to think I was special. Now that I don't, I actually *am* special!"
11. "I'd better *tell* people how special I am... particularly if they're female."
12. "Holy shit, I need to get my head out of my ass."

Unfortunately, quite a few folks get stuck somewhere around either the eighth step or the eleventh step.

I know this because I'm *special*.

**TL;DR: Most adolescent males convince themselves that they're The Chosen One at some point.**
Not liking anything "mainstream"
Being "Random"
Knowing statistics. 

38% of all people know this. 
"I think about so many more things than I actually talk about."
Having had a "bad" childhood.  I go to AA and have heard a bazillion stories about a supposed crazy or bad childhood, and most of the events were normal things that happen - divorce, moving, not having many friends, feeling different.  Not to minimize those things, but they don't equate a uniquely bad situation.
Giving whatever name is new and popular to their kids, like 10 years ago it was Madison and now it's Jayden/Aiden/Zabrayden or whatever.
Everyone raised their kids to think they were unique and special. You're really not actually. You're just another asshole standing in front of me in a line at the bank or grocery store. 
You dyed your hair Unemployment Pink with a shitty box store dye. Wow you must be super unique with a very interesting life not trailer trash at all. 
Noticing obviously out of place things and claiming your it's "driving your OCD crazy"
Moms of newborn babies...

-my Bella just got so messy eating lunch
-my Bella can walk so well at only 1 year
-my Bella just loves green beans
-my Bella made a hand painted turkey
-my Bella trying lemon for the first time
-my Bella in some leaves "happy autumn". 

This is all constantly recycled everytime a new child is born on my facebook

There should be a setting for new parents where I can hide their posts for 1-2 years until mat leave is over.  
Being a fucking negative nancy and making sure everyone on facebook knows it
Trauma.         
People cling to it. Which is easy, because it's so hard to work through. Trying to recover from it is massively difficult. Leaving it, avoiding it... easy.  Do that long enough, and it's like an old friend. You cling to it. You use it to define you.  And it's such a great excuse for some many things- not just to others, but to yourself.         
And it makes you feel so special. Because your suffering is unique to you.             
But it's toxic. And while your suffering is unique to you, Everyone has pain.    
As Rocket Racoon said, "EVERYONE'S got dead people! That's no excuse for getting everyone else dead along the way"
Reading philosophy. 
Meditation or yoga people. 
Eating rituals (vegetarian, vegan, gluten free)
Doing adult things and sharing them on social media. 
ITT: Some good prompt responses, and a lot of things people are annoyed by that other people do which aren't really things 
"people think makes them unique"
Choosing Team Instinct
pineapple pizza
Liking anything retro, even a lot.  Yes, even if it's something obscure from the past that isn't the social norm any longer, you're just part of a smaller group of people that still likes that "thing", but you're hardly the only person...

To look at me you'd never guess I'm a diehard 80's Hair Metal fan, but that's because I don't let me "liking it" effect how I dress or act.  I don't need to advertise to others by wearing acid wash skinny jeans, a Def Leppard shirt, and have teased hair with aviator sunglasses that I'm a fan of 80's rock.  
"When I'm happy I'm really nice, but if you make me angry I get REALLY angry"

Also "narwhal haha I'm so random"
Having a wide music taste. It isn't eclectic, you just like a lot of music. Most people do.
Having kids. Today a lady asked me for a better price for the spices she wanted to buy for her son, so he can experiment in order to open his food place, in the future. Her excuse was that he just got married and has a kid on the way. Like I don't have a family I need to feed somehow. My cats eat a lot, ok? Funny thing, while I was preparing the black pepper, her son asked me if this is oregano. Interesting.
Their taste in music. 

Are there folks out there who only ever listen to whatever is in the top 40 popular music? 
Probably, but for the rest of us I'm willing to bet we all have those bands that few people seem to be familiar with. It would be weirder if you didn't. 
Beards, tattoos, flannel shirts and those floppy smurf hats, fixie/single speed bikes, thick black glasses. You're not unique, mate. You're a fashion victim.
reading and being introverted. so many people think they're more special/smart than "extroverts"
"I hate drama"
People who wear those stupid shutter shades on their face. It just makes you look stupid
Fake allergies/food "sensitivities." It seems like everyone here in San Francisco thinks these things make them a snowflake.
Acting like the things you are into make you special like it's an accomplishment : "Uber nerd Whovian Buffyfile Pokémon hunter cosplay enthusiast sith in training"  

Great, your whole life is based on other people's works!
I'm pancakesexual
Using some terrible pun hashtag for their upcoming wedding. 

Or posting photos using a washed out filter
Being 'neutral' or 'moderate' on issues.
The whole "oppressed" white people look. The crazy haircut and color, the "unique" piercings and how they clothe themselves really just makes them more identical to each other rather than the opposite. 

You see a person like that and you instantly know the type, without giving them the benefit of doubt.
Being #1 in their high school graduating class. Big deal. You think you're smart? No, you're not. Welcome to the real world kiddo!
Have you ever found yourself on a bus/public place and thought about how dull people are. Chances are you have. I know some people who think they're actually unique when they ponder about life or the universe and that everyone isn't as ponderous as them. Aside from masturbating, the only reason I take 30 minute showers is thinking about deep shit like you.
Pretentious food preferences
>Someone walks around the corner of their house.

"Oh, I LOVE hiking!"
They love to laugh. Seriously?!? That is soooo rare! I bet you enjoy travel and having a good time too!
their diet.  

vegan/vegetarian/pescatarian/gluten-free/organic/etc.

who gives a fucking shit?  you can eat what you want; i'll do likewise.
Craft beer. I'm one of them. I think my tastes are more developed. 

Nope, I just drink a lot of beer and know some words from podcasts and youtube. 
Rainbow Hair. I used to like girls with it now it seems like it is something to cover up a bland personality.
Their sexual preferences or what feels good. I think Patrice O neal says something about it. But seriously, when shes like "*ooh thats my spot right there, howd you know? we must be so in tune*" nah bitch thats EVERY girls spot, you arent special!! 
Wearing Converse sneakers to their wedding.
Tattoos.  I don't care about the meaning of the poorly drawn heart and cherub on your forearm.
not taking drugs, not drinking alcohol, and not having sex 24/7.
Not watching tv.

Yeah but you bingewatch netflix every day
People who think the "nerdy" for playing video games and watching avengers
Oh, you dislike the Kardashians, Nickelback, Kanye West, and those little minion things? HOW FUCKIN' QUIRKY!
being an "extroverted introvert" - you're an introvert, just embrace it. 
"I'm such a foodie."

Oh yeah? You know who else is a foodie? *Literally everyone who eats food*
being an Instagram "fitness model" and posting half naked selfies of themselves to tell others that they should love the skin they are in and want to "motivate" others to get fit, while saying "use my code HalfLifeBestLife25 to get 5 percent off my secret supplement!" 
Hahaha, this one makes me laugh (See how fun and quirky I am?!) I used to watch those 1-800 commercials in the middle of the night, and all of the girls would start off by saying that they loved to laugh and have fun. Who the fuck doesn't? There are wallowers out there, but saying you love to laugh is like saying you love to breathe. 
Gotta be someone out there like, "fuck, I just love to cry, man."
*goes to Mexico for a week*


*updates bio: currently traveling the world 👋✈️*
DO YOU JUST LOOVVVEE ADVENTURES?!
#wanderlust #foodie 
Let's not forget that they love sushi, coffee, and microbrews as well. 
Shit like this made online dating annoying for me a few years back, because my profile was more or less "I'm old now and I'm pretty sure I know what I want at this point, so here's who I am and here's what I'm looking for," and wading through other profiles was like reading an endless sea of:

> "If you don't get sarcasm, you won't get me."

Who doesn't get sarcasm? Seriously? Who doesn't fucking get sarcasm by their early thirties? I've literally never met another human being who doesn't understand sarcasm. Did you grow up in a city full of serial killers?

[Edit: apparently lots of people don't get sarcasm! I definitely get that people on the autism spectrum wouldn't, and I suppose if you really deadpan it to people who don't know you well, that could be an issue, too.]

> Photo of the one time they went to an indoor rock climbing wall 8 years ago

Sure, you totally look 33 in that photo. (OMG I DID THE SARCASM)

> "I have a job that I absolutely love."

I've never seen more job-loving people than I have on online dating sites. I have a job. It's not stressful and it pays really well. I don't love it, nor will I ever love it, because it's a job.

And about a thousand more. In people's desperate attempt to sound unique and exciting, they all come off almost exactly the same. It's weird. There was a point where if I'd read something like "In the evenings, I just get in bed at 8:30 and dick around on my phone until I pass out," I would've swooned.
"Hey, you like to have sex and you like to travel?"

"... Yes ma'am"

"Then you can fuck off!"
Sarcasm alone doesn't annoy me but people who think they're solo cool cause they're sooo sarcastic is infuriating. (E.g. Jim from the office, and that ex-gf he had)
>OH YOU LIKE TO TRAVEL AND YOU'RE FLUENT IN SARCASM?


That shit gets an instant left swipe from me. Every fucking person would like to travel if they had the time and money. And what is with the fucking sarcasm thing. Why is that so popular? 
You have a beard and you like whiskey???
Barthelona
Good God, get her to do an AMA!!!!!
Live, laugh, love <3
Specifically, rosé. 
And she's addicted to coffee!
Does she also expect to talk to the manager every time out?
Do middle age moms think that drinking wine at night make them special?
I am not american so this is not a sarcastic question. I live in a place where not drinking wine at night make you special
Oh hey, I didn't know you were on Reddit too.
I'm a young man and I like to drink wine at night, WHAT ABOUT ME?!?
What? But I was sure I was the only one who liked LOTR and GOT.
Reminds me of the portlandia sketch where the actual geeks and nerds do A PSA asking people to stop calling themselves that because they wear glasses and enjoy Big Bang theory 
It's really bizarre to me how many people get excited to celebrate May 4th, like they are part of some unique clique and not fans of the most popular Sci-Fi movie franchise that ever existed.



Same goes for "I went and saw Wonder Woman this weekend, I know...I'm a huge nerd".  No you're not.
Alternatively, I hate how the old-guard geek started up the notion of 'fake-geek' culture. 
My sister is like this. She even calls herself a nerd when two-three years ago she wasn't even into that stuff.
To be fair there is the surface level of love for those things then the ACTUAL geeky love where you know all names of the droids in Star Wars or something.
This is one way I'm happy to not be unique. I like being able to buy merchandise of the stuff I love. 
I think there's a difference between "liking" Star Wars and being *"into"* Star Wars.

Yeah, most people *like* the Star Wars movies. Not nearly as many people read the books, spend time analyzing and discussing the plot and characters, play all the video games, play the board games, cosplay as Star Wars characters, or get involved in a Star Wars RPG (like D&D) game.

I think if you do those kind of things, that qualifies a bit more as "geeky" than just liking the movies.
I'd classify this as a particularly clever quip, if it was meant that way.
This is one of the rare things that actually gets better every second you think about it. And here i am, a millennial who thought they've seen it all...
They are, by definition of identical, not unique.
This was someone's 'talent' about themselves when we had one of those awful 'ice breaker' exercises recently. It kind of annoyed me. It beat mine though - "being an expert in Harry Potter trivia". It was a gross exaggeration, I'm above average at best. I only prayed that there was no Harry Potter savant lurking in the room somewhere to yell questions.
 trashy people like trashy names. 
BRAXTON SWAG PIERCE
My husband and I are getting so much shit for naming our son after his grandfather... Whose first name was Donald.. he will go by Donnie, but seriously, thats awful?

Our nephew goes to school with a kid named fucking Hatchet and you're giving *me* shit over Donnie????? 
I'd wager to say 100% of the time 
Trayxxfun
Truckston - it's real :(   A neighbor's child.   
I'm not actually racist i'm just doing it for the lols 
God, these kinds are the worst. A lot of people who hold more right-wing/centrist opinions seem to be unable to do so without also thinking it's because they're supremely perceptive and honest. They can't grasp that people with more liberal opinions don't just have those opinions to be "P.C" but because they actually believe in them and think they're logical. The amount of mildly racist Facebook posts I see that are captioned with something like "JUST SAYING IT HOW IT IS" or "IT'S CALLED INTELLIGENCE" or "ONLY BEING HONEST, LOL!!!!" usually followed by something along the lines of "STUPID P.C LEFTIES WITH THEIR HEADS UP THEIR ARSES!!!".

Being a dickhead doesn't make you special. I could be one too if I wanted, but I choose not to.
Contrarians is what they are called.  Reddit is rife with them.
You rape-abiding-black-loving-gun-freak-white-redneck-bean-eating-lazy-Mexican. 
I'm from the midwest so as I was reading this, I was like

"I *DONT* like pop! Or soda! Or however you say it! My alternative is wat...  Oh that's not what you're talking about at all. Carry on."
For a second there, I thought you were being snide about people who don't drink soda.
The "I'm more punk than you" crowd.
What's coldplay?
"Yes, I like them too. Loved their early stuff."
"Like what?"
"Parachutes was great, genius stuff there, not much like it at the time. Lost interest a bit after X&Y though."
"Parachutes?"
"Their first album..."
"Never listened to it"

Every time... 
Coldplay isn't pop?
What actually makes a girl not like other girls? 

Edit: Aside from when she has a penis.
I really hate people in general saying that. In all fairness though, the world tells women with "conventionally masculine" or "not conventionally feminine" interests that they are weird. I have more conventionally masculine interests and hobbies and people *love* pointing out how I am not like other women. Yes, I am like *plenty* of other women. 
"I'm not like other girls.  I'm into larceny and the occasional pleasure murder." - an actual special snowflake
Thank you! As a girl who likes video games and cars and such, I'm sick of the attitude that any of that is something girls don't do or that I'm just some sort of exception. I even had some guy ranting on GTA that I wasn't a female but a guy with a voice changer. 

I also bitched at a friend who said she wasn't a very good female cause she didn't like make up or putting stuff on but liked sports (or something like that) and was more a dude. I was like, "No, you're a female who likes that stuff."

Edit: and now I have a comment on here accusing me of lieing about being a female. Why is it that hard to believe that females game? 
Nia Jax can say that
"I'm really shy until I get to know you"
As someone who is seriously too awkward to function sometimes, people who use this as like an "oh I'm so quirky" don't understand what it means to be truly awkward. I feel bad for them when that day comes.

"I post four selfies a day and love going to the beach and going out clubbing and partying. But I'm also super socially awkward and am a huge nerd. Like, I played call of duty once and I watched a Star Wars movie that one time."
No matter how good you are at something, there's a 10 year old Asian kid who's better.
Pretty sure "wanderlust" is just code for "I don't like my job". 
As someone who drinks their coffee black, I concur it doesn't make someone unique or special. But my god there are enough people who make a big enough deal out of it if they see it that it can feel like it at times. 
"I'm a psychopath" Buddy, just because you aren't scared of Jeff the Killer doesn't mean you're Ted Bundy.
Came here to post this.
I won't even start on the whole edgy teen tumblr self-diagnosis thing because I'll be ranting all day, but mental health problems really aren't that uncommon anyway, apparently it's something like 1 in 4 (in the UK).
The people that actually suffer from mental illness will almost never mention it, unless you're a close friend. 

You know someone that talks about it all the time does not have a diagnosed mental illness, they just related to some of the symptoms they found on the web. I can't stand them
[From the NYT,
](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/07/health/most-will-be-mentally-ill-at-some-point-study-says.html)
> More than half of Americans will develop a mental illness at some point in their lives, often beginning in childhood or adolescence, researchers have found in a survey that experts say will have wide-ranging implications for the practice of psychiatry.

Mental illness is literally more common than lack of mental illness.
Mental illness is something to sort out and get past if possible.  Not a badge of honor to be worn.  Needless suffering should never be celebrated.

Part of the problem IMO is there is a thread in our culture that has no respect for strength and health.  Once upon a time you were supposed to feel gratitude toward your blessings; now you're supposed to feel guilty toward them.  But then WTF is charity trying to do?  I thought we are trying to make people strong and healthy and consider ourselves (as, say, social workers) a success if we do.

If I give a child a toy, I want to see that child play the fuck out of that toy.  Not stand around and feel guilty that other people don't have one.

If there were just a bit more appreciation for "Yes, blessings are a good thing to have" then maybe fewer people would be rushing to wear their curses as badges of honor, instead of trying to find ways to overcome their curses and take advantage of whatever blessings they have.

These are like all the kids I know in my age group I wish they would shut the fuck up about it already or actually so something if they really have a problem instead of complaining about being depress on instagram
So it's okay if I'm officially diagnosed with a personality disorder? I don't have a membership card though.
I have over 2000 moles on my body and a birthmark in the middle of my head that makes my hair grow white in just that spot like I'm a fucking unicorn. The last thing I need on my body is something that makes me "unique". 

*Because I'm sure people will have an idea in their head, my back looks something [like this](http://4remedy.com/files/1384268259_moles%20on%20back.jpg), but without the hair. (Sorry stock photo guy, no offence meant). My spot on my head looks [like this](http://www.2oceansvibe.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/article-2575386-1C19C3CD00000578-851_634x457.jpg) except it is perfectly centered and slightly more forward on my head. 
No way. This Koi fish tattoo is totally unique to me. They're traditionally Japanese and I'm not Japanese so I'm confident I'm the only one.
It's almost as though the opposite is becoming true, guys are always surprised to find out that I don't have any tattoos or piercings. 
As someone with tattoos and piercings, I do not believe they make me unique. I have them because I like them. Do people actually still think body modification makes them unique?
I'm a bit weird when it comes to tattoos, I like it as an art form more than something that is hot or unique or anything like that. I know guys who get turned on by girls who have them, I don't feel the same way. 

I was talking to some girl I knew who said she got a new tattoo so I asked if I could see it and she said sure and lifted her top from the side pretty much exposing her right boob cause the tattoo was under it, Thing is, I didn't even notice this till later, I was so focused on how the tattoo looked and discussed it with her that I didn't dawn on me that her boob was right on my face the whole time. 
As someone with a few tattoos and body piercings, I agree! I remember after I got my nipples pierced, two of my friends did the same thing. Then at a party, one of them (who is married) kept bragging about how she just got them done and doesn't know many girls brave enough to get them... While I was standing right there. I just kept my mouth shut and let her have her moment of attention. 

I love mine and think they're awesome, but if having metal shoved through your nipples in the most interesting thing about you to the point you HAVE to talk about it with strangers, you must not be that unique or interesting. 
And un-natural hair coloring. 
The opposite is also true. NOT having tattoos and piercings doesn't make you special or unique either.
The Great Salt Lake?
Bah, the Dead Sea has got that one beat.
Lol it's basically a thread to vent. 
Rick and Marty is the warst
When The Force Awakens came out I saw a article that was titled "I've never seen Star Wars' is the new 'I'm Vegan" 
They act like they deserve an award for it. "Ohhhh good for you Steve for not liking Game of Thrones. Why don't you tell us some more about how you're not influenced by mainstream crap while the rest of the office just waits for you to shut up so we can talk about Game of Thrones?"
*For you m'sweet, I tip my hat,  
I'm kind (or so I say).  
I'm cheeto stained, ungroomed, and fat,  
But don't you dare dismay!* 

*I'm always nice, forever sweet,  
I'll never let you frown.  
Ill buy you gifts; pull out your seat,  
Unless you turn me down...*

*I'm nice! I'm kind! Why can't you see,  
I'm loving night and day!  
"But so is he (and he's six-three!),"  
She sighed and walked away.*
Came across a book called 'No More Mr. Nice Guy' by Robert Glover.  It talks about something called “Nice Guy Syndrome.”  Excellent read. 
"I'm a decent human being. Please date me!"

if you gotta tell everyone you're the "nice guy", you probably ain't the "nice guy"
"I want to give my child a normal name, but I also want to force them have to explain how to spell it."
I hate this trend. I know parents are trying to be unique, but sometimes it looks absolutely retarded.

Raychul, Aimee, Megyn, and of course... K**VIII**Lyn.
Phteven.
You done messed up now A-A-Ron!!!!
As someone whose parents gave him an unusual spelling for his first name, I just have to say I didn't ask for it and it's a gift that keeps on giving inconveniences 
There's an old George Carlin bit that this reminded me of.

"As a group or an individual you have the right to be called whatever you want. Your name can be spelled S-M-I-T-H and pronounced ‘jenovsky’. What’s your name? Jenovsky. How’s that spelled? S-m-i-t-h. What?! They’re all silent, nevermind…"
Every time I see the same rehashed "Why does everyone keep talking about this Superb Owl" tweet I die a little inside. 
My blood pressure rose a little just from reading that quote. I hate that so much. 
Or those few chosen people who have ascended into realization that sports are just various actions done to a ball. Like by oversimplifying it,  you'll make me feel dumb for liking it. 

Bitch,  you get out of it what you put into itᴮᶦᵗᶜʰ
SPORTS GO SPORTS! 
Do they stare at themselves at the mirror constantly whilst experiencing a variety of emotions or something?
It's called hazel. 
That just sounds idiotic, but perhaps a unique brand of idiotic
My eyes are blue, and I have a very thin line of yellow around my Iris that sometimes makes them look green depending on surroundings. 

I say I have blue eyes and leave it at that. Nobody really gives a shit. 
I read that as "*Licking* unicorns"

I'm somewhat disappointed. I thought I was going to learn a new euphemism. 
Almost every video on Facebook - usually shared from Buzzfeed or something similar is about how UNIQUE this UNICORN HAIR IS. How NOBODY HAS SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT. ALSO you NEED these unicorn makeup brushes!!!! I gotta give them, looking at the comments on those videos, that shit sells. 
I happen to actually be the strong silent type, minus the 'strong' part. 
...hurtful...
And end up dating the portion of older men who want to date much younger women. The kind of men who don't exactly tend to be the most mature people in their cohort. 
Is there a biological or social reason for the older men thing, I wonder? Women have traditionally married men older than them, probably because older men have been working longer and have more money to support their wives. I'd have to tell the gals you mention that they aren't special for dating older men: that's the pattern of marriage for most of Europe/the world since...forever.

Just an interesting pattern, even if the average teenage girl doesn't recognize it.
As a man, I've always figured that I'd be lucky if I found a woman I enjoyed being around that I could get along with who actually wanted to date me, age, race, height, weight be damned.
Like tattoos, it was "cool" and "badass" at one point- now it's so damn common
News flash, "Being a nerd" has been co-opted by society into a fashion statement just like everything else. 
There's also a difference between liking the Harry Potter et al films, and having read all the books and source materials, enthusiastically attending conventions or festivals related to said subject matter, and forsaking other activities in favor of those related to the subject matter. Being a nerd about something isn't just not disliking a certain media franchise, it's being excited and enthusiastic about that whatever-it-is to the point of being a little weird about it.
People gatekeeping "nerdy" are far more irritating than the Star Wars fans calling themselves nerdy
Nerd is the 90's:
> Stop making fun of me! D&D is fun and Starwars actually is freaking cool!

Rest of the world:
> Oh shit, those nerds were right, this shit is dope

Nerds today:
> Guys, stop liking what I like! I liked it first!
While I agree that a person isn't nerdy for liking those, it's a lot better than those same people droning on about inane shit like the Kardashians... The current trend in actually *wanting* to appear nerdy, IMO, is a result of society beginning to value intelligence more than in the past.  Shallow as it is, it's better than the alternative. 
It comforts me knowing that millions of other people are struggling with their dick sucking addictions as well. 
Yeah, there are supposedly 82 million more people (probably more) who have 'arachnoid cysts' in their brains. When I first explained what I was coming in for my local nurse even told me "I've actually got one of those too!" Not sure if she was saying that just to make me feel better, but I believe it.
Being depressed and lonely especially. It's less of a personality and more the absence of one. Being more depressed and lonely than anyone else doesn't get you a special trophy and sometimes on places like /r/meirl it's as if they're competing at self destruction.
Especially when they proclaim that they would walk 500 miles, and they would walk 500 more.
I am a self-proclaimed self proclaimer
I'm a self-proclaimed cunt
Hey, there are certain "crystal" like substances that can make you feel like you have magical powers.
Rocks are where it's at. 
Some people will do anything for attention, even milking a legitimate medical condition. Or make up a condition like your mother-in-law for attention. I know a couple people who act like this. I have an uncle who milked a "back injury" for 3 months. He works a desk job and doesn't do anything besides watch tv at home. When he finally got it checked out, x-rays and everything, the doctor told him he was fat and needed to lose weight. The world comes to an end if they have a legitimate health issue though.
I kept seeing people on social media wearing Spiritual Gangster shirts. I was like, wtf? Looked it up, turns out it's as dumb as it sounds: "Yoga inspired clothing, swimwear & apparel for high vibration living. Spiritual Gangster is a movement designed to join ancient wisdom with modern culture."

It's fucking clothing. 

I will say, though, that knowing another language does make you feel kind of special. If you're self-taught, it comes from knowing that you've now got a skill that can help you in certain situations and connect you to more people.
1997 was 20 years ago. 
Is it a 100% science based dragon MMO? (Sorry, u/Queen-of-Hobo-Jungle)
That guy is a tool, but I would totally play Skyrim with Pokemon in it.
My stupid father swears he'll be rich because he's going to invent something like Facebook, but only for Hispanic people. 

It's the stupidest fucking thing.
I'm a programmer and my Sister in Law used to approach me with goofy ideas all the time.  She thought that once I whipped it up in code we'd be 50-50 partners.

Um, no.  If you come up with an amazing algorithm, and I flesh it out maybe we'll be 50-50.  You saying "let's put GPS on a key ring so you can find your lost keys" is not worth my time.


All I need is an artist to come do the work of a full team of artists entirely for free!  Meanwhile, I'll code a terrain engine, pat myself on the back for a while, and then lose interest when I figure out that making a terrain engine is like 1% of the total work I'll have to do to make a real game.
People who think they have OCD: OMG OCD this one pencil is slightly shorter than the other one!

People with real OCD: Oh crap, my hands are now bleeding from washing them so much.
No idea that was a thing. I haven't had oatmeal in probably 20 years.
Honestly this is my favorite reply to this thread
If I did an IQ test, I'd probably get 255.

(Integer underflow)
Most people of both genders don't realize how much testosterone helps strength. A random guy that never works out is probably still much stronger than most women that do work out.

It's not fair. It's just genetics and hormones.
I know I'm going to get ~~reemed~~ upvoted for this opinion (if it doesn't get buried), but to me, really, it seems like there are a number of girls that like male-dominated activities and that get competent at it who tend to be extremely cocky about it (no pun intended). 
There are plenty of women that could kick my ass, be it in a fight or some sport. But in general, men are just stronger and more athletic than women. A tennis player (John McEnroe?) recently caught some shit when a reporter said something about the Williams sisters being the best tennis players of all time. I don't remember exactly what he said back, but it was something like they may be the best women of all time. Whatever he said it was completely true. They aren't even top 100 when men are included. A guy who was ranked over 100, maybe over 200th in the world was to play against them. He spent the day drinking and then destroyed them both back to back.
7 bi people sounds like a hell of a party.
it's more unique to have never fucked with your hair 
I used to have a friend who'd get his hair dyed at least once a month. Red, green, silver, blue and white. It was weird for the 90's but seems more commonplace among the younglings nowadays.
>Geen


I feel like a good number of adolescent/teen girls go through something quite opposite: They think they are unique in how terrible they perceive themselves to be. For instance

1. I know I'm ugly and fat, so why do my friends keep telling me I'm pretty?
2. Why do my friends think it's okay to just lie to my face? I bet they don't even really like me. I bet they hang out without me and talk behind my back.
3. Why can't they just see that I'm so miserable? Why don't they even ask??
4. Cue: "Are you okay?" "I'm fine."
5. Why don't they keep asking me if I'm okay? I'm obviously not fine!!
6. No one knows who I really am. I'm such a good actress every day. I wish someone could just see that I'm dying inside.
7. That's probably why Andrew keeps hanging around Maya. Can't he see how in love with him I am? I will never get a boyfriend. I'm never going to be the girl that guys want to be with.  
8. Grand Finale: I'm just under so much pressure and nobody understands. I'm forced to be the perfect daughter, perfect friend, shoulder to cry on, perfect student, but it's all just a facade. I go to school and smile and laugh every single day, but I'm the best actress in the world, and nobody knows me enough to see that it's all totally fake. My parents and friends and teachers have no idea what it's like to be me. What it's like to have my problems. If I were to die today, I doubt anyone would even glance up.

This is a sad, unfortunate way of thinking, but when I was in middle school and high school, I had all of these same thoughts, and I also believed that I was the only one and NO ONE could ever fathom what it was like to feel like that. Except everyone feels like that in middle/high school. Sometimes it's hard to shake the feeling that you or everyone else is just being a fraud, but when you realize that a lot of life is pretending to be something else, you can either embrace it or change it.

**TL;DR: A lot of adolescent girls convince themselves that they are the only ones who have a uniquely awful life.**
Speak for yourself, I am waay better than almost everyone else.
Ha! I already knew all this!

Therefore I really am the chosen one!
That's not a fair assessment. I am the chosen one!
62% of statistics are made up on the spot
> Unemployment Pink

Best color name.
There is.  Just unfollow them.
People talk about working in a cubicle as being soul-shattering, frankly I think raising a child sounds much worse. The day I get excited that another human being has shit their diaper that I now get to clean up is the day I'll need to be committed. 
It's stupid for you, but these are important events in their life. Just unfollow them.
You can unsubscribe from people
I think my Facebook is much more for myself than anyone else. But when my son is born in November, I'm definitely going to be this parent. My family and my husband's family all live in different states. Documenting our baby is good for the family to experience these little moments with us since they can't be there in person. 
When people talk about 'adulting'... Blegh.
I feel this thread is just "What do you have utter contempt for?".
A lot of people here really seem to think that most people get tattoos for the sake of others. In my experience this is not the case. 
Dude that's literally what eclectic means...
> Funny thing, while I was preparing the black pepper, her son asked me if this is oregano.

Those two things don't even look remotely similar. Good luck on that food place, buddy.
People who constantly complain about drama are almost always the people causing it in the first place.
Lying down flat while having syrup poured on them?
> Using some terrible pun hashtag for their upcoming wedding.

You know the point of that isn't only to be cute right? If it is a hashtag not already being used and everyone at the wedding posts pictures with the tag it makes it really easy to gather up all these pictures that you may not have gotten otherwise.
I'm really moderate and think the left and right are both dumb. My arrogant attitude and self-satisfied comments that I post on twitter about how I'm so above politics are definitely way more noble than people standing for what they believe in and trying to improve our society.
Literally every high school has a #1.
Congrats, you'll be an average college student now!
I was not valedictorian in High School.

I am the only one who got a full ride scholarship to my uni of choice and didn't get expelled for felony theft.
If you're smart you'll let her believe it. 
I wore sneakers with a tux to a New Year's Eve party back in 1986. 

It was cliche' then. 
Not just Mexico, a 4 star resort that is the furthest thing from actual Mexico you could get. 
*I love to venture far and wide,  
(But not beyond First class).  
I'm so sarcastic; sickly snide,  
But Daddy lets it pass.*  

*I've travelled far to unknown lands,  
From Thailand to Peru.  
I've stood on Fiji's wealth-less sands,  
In Gucci dress and shoe.*

*I'll travel 'till my days are done,  
Each summer somewhere new!  
With Daddy's funds I have such fun,  
You'd ought to try it too!*

-Every girl on Tinder
Join the army they said. See the world they said. I'd rather be sailing.
And laughing! I love laughing!
What would an actual adventure look like in modern times? Like I don't think any of us know where some lost undiscovered civilization is, so would it just be wandering through some woods with no map? Or just a road trip in some random direction? I mean it sounds fun but it doesn't sound like an epic adventure either.
Looking for a partner in crime, let's explore the city!
But my favorite are the #wonderlust-ers.
And pups 
I do actually like all that. But I'm married so people care less than if I was in the dating scene so I don't talk about it 
I actually love my job.  That doesn't mean there aren't days when I don't want to be there, but most of the time I enjoy going to work. 
I have actually met a person who did not get sarcasm at all. She asked me if I liked my boyfriend, and I sarcastically said no, and then she just looked at me and goes "oh really?" With a concerned look on her face. It was super awkward as she was a manager at my work.
my issue is that almost no one who self-identifies as super-sarcastic is *actually* all that sarcastic. they're usually the ones who feel like they need to explain their jokes.
I hated Karen, I always thought she acted too much like him for them to be a compatible couple. 
> Every fucking person would like to travel if they had the time and money. 

That's not always true.  Some people like it where they are.
Actually, I hate travelling. I enjoy all the facilities I get at home, and losing out on those just sucks. One thing I do love from travelling is the food though, can't deny that. Ooh, and also the plants. I like looking at the plants from other countries.
I do the same thing. That's nice, you like to travel. What the hell do you do the other 350 days of the year?  "Hobbies: planning my next trip." Yup, seeya.
And woodworking, and your ex wives are all named the same name.  
Better yet, get her to do an AA! 
From a box.
It's pretty common with the SAHM crowd to talk about drinking wine all the time. I'm a SAHM and I'm apparently not very cool because I don't obsess over when I can get my kid down for a nap/or bedtime so I can drink all the wine. 
I mean... I felt kind of unique when I was reading GOT. In the 90s. 
real nerds don't enjoy Big Bang Theory
I get excited for December 25th, however I'm not a Christian. 
What bugs me/makes me sad is when people say that as though it's something to be ashamed of. Love what you love and don't apologize for it. Even if I'm not into it, I'm happy that you're happy.
Thank you! There is so much gatekeeping in nerd culture and I'm sick of it!

Geeks have been picked on for so long. Being a part of "nerd culture" was all they had, and lots went all in 100%. Now that it's cool to be a geek/nerd, they feel the need to display their alleged superiority over all nerdy interests. Get fucked... Just be happy you have tons more people to talk about your interests with!
I hate it too, but I understand it.  A lot of us growing up were the ones picked on, and ostracized. I didn't get the brunt of as bad as a lot of my close friends did. A lot of them dealt with many issues based on their hobbies and interests. Things like having your expensive M:TG deck stolen then destroyed just because, "It was funny, they are just pieces of paper" do serious damage and make it hard to trust people.  

Years later you have a people who back then would have been the ones doing to bullying now saying they like 'geek culture', its easy to see it as just another opening to be attacked.  The gatekeeping is kind of a self defense.  There is also the facet of people who think that you can't be a geek/ nerd culture person without paying your social dues.  

I love the rise of geek culture for the most part.  Having people that I would never have guessed would like stuff I like saying "Hey, I know you like that anime stuff, and I just watched that show One Punch Man, it was Awesome! Do you know anything else cool like that?" makes me all warm inside. 
> a millennial who thought they've seen it all

That's another good answer to this question.
Depends if they ate their twin at birth.
Yes... that's the joke.
Reminds me of that rather tasteless joke:

"Private school was invented to separate children with double surnames from those with double first names".
r/globaloffensive is leaking
Our factory did a Santa tree for the local Head Start preschool place. One kid's name on the tree was Leonidas.

edit: You're all correct, it could be shortened to Leo, which is nice. i believe he wanted a firetruck puzzle and Lego.
Is the shit because it is Trump's name or just because its traditional?  Either way they suck but just curious.
H A T C H E T
Lmao! Donald isn't a bad name- but I guess since that's the president too kinda doesn't help much 
Truckston Stop - that's a pretty cool band name for like bluegrass 
I knew someone like that. Whenever he'd say something stupid he'd just do it "for the keks".

I think I got more offended at "for the keks" than whatever trolling he was trying really hard to do.
Schrodinger's douchebag. 
Yeah, people think that since being liberal is "trendy", then all liberals are just following trends. I don't want universal healthcare because it's cool dickhead.
I did the same thing. I'll go back to drinking my Loganberry now.
Ohioan checking in here — thought the same thing!
Us Canadians be like.
I only realized that they weren't talking about pop the drink when I saw this comment

I'm into hardcore oldschool punk like Green Day and Blink 182
When they're secretly three owls in a trench coat.
Snarky reply: I'm 6'-tall and that makes me fairly unlike most adult human women. Of course, then I ran into my alma mater's women's basketball team at the gym, and that was strange to be the shortest woman in the room. Which leads me to...

Real reply: not much. Whatever your interest or experience or trait or talent is, there are likely many many women that you have that in common with. Women, much like regular people, have a great degree of variance within the 50% of people we comprise
liking me
If you're looking for a serious answer, confidence without arrogance. It's rare to find anyone with that trait guy or girl. Otherwise, not much that could be explained in a few words. People are varied, diverse, being unique comes naturally because despite 7+ billion people alive on the planet, each one is uniquely themself. In short, people are unique from one another as individuals, but if you have a big enough group, one specific trait is incredibly unlikely to be held by only one person.
> that I wasn't a female but a guy with a voice changer

I'm a woman, I make YouTube videos and I sometimes talk about "manly" topics like video games, etc. People have claimed that I must be trans because "women don't play video games". 
Well there are those who think girls don't play, and then there are those: "Oh my god you're a woman AND you like video games? Are you the perfect woman ?? marry me??? <3 <3 <3"


> I even had some guy ranting on GTA that I wasn't a female but a guy with a voice changer.

I have experienced people using voice changers more times than I've played with women. So I can't really blame the guy.
"I only date people after I get to know them." 
I hope there's not a ten year old Asian kid that can jerk me off better than me.
I'm pretty good at being white tho.
No, it's code for "my parents are so rich that I don't have to work" 
So almost everyone.
I drink coffee black to satisfy my caffeine craving, while cutting calories from soda or creamer/sugar.
I get "You drink it just like that? Nothing in it?" every morning for the past 5 years at this job. I work in a building with 10 people, so this means  I've been asked the same question by each person about 182 times since I poured my first cup of coffee here.  
Also, what the fuck would a person gain from proclaiming themselves to be a psychopath? No way somebody who is truly one would do that.
half this website thinks they are on "the spectrum" because they can do the multiplication chart from memory.
> 2000 moles on my body

So you're black?
Once there was this girl who 

Wouldn't go and change with the other girls in the change room...
Or Asian symbols
> As someone with tattoos and piercings, I do not believe they make me unique. I have them because I like them.

I try in vain to explain this to people frequently.  I really don't give a shit what opinion you have of me or what opinion you *believe* I have of myself as a result of my tattoos.  I got them for me.  I realized a long time ago that no one is all that unique.  That's why we have all the cool shit I like, because everyone else likes it too.  People keep doing or selling the shit I like and everyone else likes it too which is great, because that allows it to keep being something people continue to like.  I realize that last sentence is a stretch, but I'm ok with it in a "fuck it, let's write some 3rd grade level shit on the internet today" kind of way.
Well, that means the tattoo's purpose was served. 
I treat it like poison dart frogs, they're brightly colored to warn you that they are dangerous and you should not eat them. 
Nah that's not it
Its called the Salt Lake City Lake i belive.
Don't be so hateful, man. You're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable.
*"Oh yeah?" he said, begrudgingly,*    
*"Those guys are all the same.*    
*They treat you all disgustingly,*    
*Different only by name."*

*"You see, my sweet, you have to know*    
*I'll always love you more.*    
*Wait, what, the answer is still no?*    
*You filthy fucking whore."*
Alice Cooper's version was better.
Kevin? no my name is spelled with a Q

No, not like that either

Queaveighn, with a Q
My wife and I are expecting our first child soon. We both like certain names (and they're perfectly normal names) except she wants to just butcher the spelling. I've had to put my foot down for the sake of our unborn spawn. 
KVIIILyn was creative, stupid as fuck, but creative.
I met a Megan, but I think it was spelled something like Maeghynne. It was awful. 
Aimée is a legit name though 
Hey, to be fair, I love /r/superbowl , and it being subreddit of the day every Super Bowl Sunday is one of my favorite running Reddit gags. That sub is so much fun. (And the owls are awesome.)
Reminds me of all those shitty Mom Minion Memes all over FB
Idk but they are *special*. 
The brand with flecks of gold?
No, licking unicorns is pretty unique.
Biologically, girls are fully ready to reproduce a few years earlier than boys, on average.
It's likely to do with the fact that women physically mature (puberty) earlier than men.  
"Being a nerd is cool *now*! Haha, why didn't you like it 15 years ago when I bullied you and called you that and beat you up haha


We're all on the same page, we're all nerds, look at us!"


This is why I hate Big Bang Theory. 
Yeah, I'm 30 and have always read fantasy, liked heroes, and star wars...

This 20 year old kid starts working with us and its clear he's gay and likes to be trendy.  No qualms there. So we're chatting and he's like what do you like to watch on Netflix with some co-workers and then he's like how bout you, Xeno?

I'm like I really like Thrones and Daredevil. Most Marvel stuff or the Flash I find fun.  Just generic responses right... No biggy. 

He turns his nose up and is like "Pssh that hero soap opera stuff...yawn.". I'm mentally like.. "Wait? Are heroes nerdy now? Lol. Like I'd already met my 16 yr old niece who says Potter is for nerds, but Heroes too now?". So I ask him what he's into?

He's like "I watch Orange is the New Black"...could have called that but that's fine, watch it with my GF also.  But then he continues "But then I pay for another subscription so I can get my anime shows streamed."

In my mind I blink for a second and think..."Wait...how fuckin old am I? IS ANIME TRENDY NOW?!? OVER HEROES EVEN?" lol.

Had a good laugh about it with my similar age friends. The guy we had always mocked for his deep anime obsession was like "SEE TOLD YOU FUCKERS! IM CUTTING EDGE!". 

Lol, good times.
There's nothing about liking Star Wars that means you're smart, nor does liking reality TV mean you're stupid.
.... Mum? 
It's fun when you hear the spiders think!
WHEN I WAKE UP
DA NUH NUH NAA
I'm gay
Ha, dumbass. The mud I rub all over my taint gives me twice the magical powers that your dumb rocks give you.
THEY'RE MINERALS
You're saying people don't get tribal tattoos anymore? 
I'd rather play medieval Pokemon... holy shit I just invented a new idea
What color would you choose for your lightsaber?
Yes. This. I always hate when I see people talk about their "OCD" and go Teehee. No, what you're talking about is organization.  Or wanting some cleanliness. As someone who dated someone who was diagnosed with it, and it takes them a half hour and longer to leave apartment/go to bed because the door HAS to be locked until it "feels" like it's really locked...it's not some shit fisted lolz thing.
If life was fair we wouldn't be unique.
My virgin hair is glad to know that it is unique.
Well I suppose that would be unique, if you came up with another entire colour never before seen, and then managing to dye your hair it.
I don't really have anything to add – you did a great job of offering the female counterpoint – but I had to respond and tell you what an absolutely phenomenal username you have.
It's sad how accurate this is for me and a lot of other girls I know. 
Ooph. Yeah that was me in high school and probably all my girl friends, too. We were just all so misunderstood!
This is me except I'm a dude lol
If you don't like bright colours you can try Jobcentre Green
It's askreddit. Did you really think the thread would be anything other then "what do you dislike"
Indeed, eclectic is literally one of the best adjectives to describe such a music taste.  Diverse, varied, broad. 
that moment you try to use a big word and fail miserababiliy ! 
Being fattening while offering little substance to your life after being eaten?
Yep, and they think that they're special
Yo travel your way I travel mine. 
Do we owe you tits now
I don't have tits, but here's my new puppy Bruno http://i.imgur.com/QSl8XGV.jpg
Stunningly accurate.
I've been crucified for making this comment before. People actually attacked me saying I wasn't allowed to declare what was and wasn't an adventure. 
should have joined the Navy mate...
Oh, I'm not saying it's not possible. Everyone's got a different relationship with work. I'm just saying I'd never seen such a ridiculous concentration of job-love before.
I would say that those not wanting to travel are the unique ones.
I would rather spend my life among friends in one place than alone travelling.
> I like looking at the plants from other countries.

That is one of the funnest parts for me too. I traveled to Florida recently and spent a good chunk of that time just looking at all of the tropical plants that I usually don't get to see. 
Don't you dare bring Tammy here.
Oh man back in the day it was popular ish I would say, like the Wheel of Time Saga, but I think the real deal was reading past the first book IMO 
I got in to the series in the early 2000s, and Martin released a book not too long after I caught up. It set a really unrealistic subconcious expectation of how long I'd have to wait between books. 
no one enjoys Big Bang Theory
This is true. It doesn't laugh with nerds, it laughs at nerds. 
I dislike the elitism as much as the next guy but I think some of it stems from situations like this. 

"Oh you're a geek? haha Well oddly enough I like playing MTG and DnD. Want to learn? Its pretty fun."

"...hahaha thats just dumb!."

"..but you...okay.." 
Which option do nutritionists recommend? Asking for a friend.
To be fair, Leonidas is a cool name that can be shortened to Leo if you really want to be called by a more "normal" name. 
Leonidas is a Greek name though. One that is still used in modern Greek. 
Housemates sister is going to name her kid Leonidas orion.  
I have had some people ask me that... which I don't care, with the way I talk it is a reasonable question, but the look of disgust stays when I say its after my husbands grandfather..

One person goes "Well why is his grandfather so much more important?" *eye roll*
I honestly gave you an up-vote because I now know "Ohioan" is the correct word to describe someone from Ohio.

Ohioite, Ohioer, Ohioian, all were fair game in my vocab until now. Thanks, internet person.
Fuckin sprite boys!
You guys only drink Clearly Canadian, clearly.
I'm actually three capybaras in a straight jacket. 
Open up your trenchcoat and show me your hooters.
I'm pretty sure 90% of redditors fall into one of those two categories.
You've probably played with women more than you know. 

Most women gamers I know (including myself) *never* speak, because doing so invites a world of shit they don't want to deal with.
I can and will. And maybe you don't notice many women playing cause most end up shutting up cause soon as they hear your voice you get accused of not being a woman, being accused of being a squeeker, awkward sexual questions asked, and in general it just isn't worth it (except it is amusing to see how shocked people are when I say I'm 40, heh. Usually to get them to stop hitting on me honestly though I'm not lieing). And I don't even get near as bad as I hear some women get (probably cause I'm not good at the game so I'm not hurting people's pride that a girl beat them and letting them keep imagining that girls are bad at gaming in general <- that also sucks that I'm not allowed to suck at a game cause I suck, but it's ok cause I'm a girl and girls suck. No, I suck. I am not representative of all women).
There are people who literally consider this a special sexual orientation known as ~demisexual~

The term was invented as a joke by a 14 year old for her character in an online roleplay game but these people are so desperate to be special that they don't care
this comment thread just described me >_>
Jared disagreed.
;)
There probably is, but it's only weird if you seek him/her out.
This is pretty much why I drink mine black, though it also had to do with the fact that cream and/or sugar didn't seem to change the tastes so why bother putting in the extra calories?
They think that not crying for 6 hours when you see a stranger get hit by a car = not a shred of empathy = hardcore psychopath
Don't forget how they have 'social anxiety' because they get a little nervous and uncomfortable because they have to meet new people. And the inevitable person who will chime to say, "Oh my god YES! As someone who actually has social anxiety..."
I'm actually on the spectrum. I got diagnosed and everything.

Am I unique yet?
White as the driven snow, my friend. I'm more like a fucked up looking human Dalmatian.
You see the yin, or white portion, represents destruction while the yang, or black portion, represents creation and rebuilding. It's a reference to how I'm going to destroy our relationship and then build a new one with your coworker/brother/best friend.
I knew a Japanese girl who used to always wear a "University of Nebraska" sweater. She spoke about six words of English and had no idea what it said until I told her. She thought it was hilarious and subsequently wore that sweater more often.

I also once saw a person in Japan wearing a t-shirt that said "IDIOT" in plain white letters. 

I've yet to meet anyone from Japan or China stupid enough to get that shit tattooed on their body though. 
come on now i just really like blue
That puddle of tears on your pillow?
The Salt Lake City Salt Lake, actually.
I knew a guy who was great friends with this girl in college. Two years later I guess he professed his love to her and she said she wasn't interested in him that way. How quickly the switch flipped from him always talking about how great she was to calling her a slut and a whore, and other phrases I will not repeat, blew my fucking mind. How in the hell can someone be this fucking insane?
TAKE THIS DOWN BEFORE SOMEONE ACTUALLY USES IT!!!!!
Fucking Queaveighn.
Oh, so that's why Kevin can't spell his own name. God, I've been making fun of him for years for that
Thank you. The pregnancy hormones are messing with her brain.

edit: Best of luck to you both and your little future ankle biter :)
There is so much I need to learn. 
I have nothing against *actual* nerds. Like I have nothing against *actual* gay people, trans people, hippie freaks or democrats. 

It just bugs me when people try to be something they're not. 
I'll go back to sleep
Tattoos seem to stick around on people for a while.
No, he's just informing us what year it is in a slightly convoluted way
You're 90% done!
Spoken like someone who never played DotA.
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ 

Thank you! I am forger of the stars
*You owe me nought.  
But does that mean you must abstain   
From sending tits? Do you refrain  
From being bought?   
There is no ill for you to mend.   
Though I'd not mourn if you did send  
The tits I've sought.*

*His gleaming eyes and copper fur,  
Do things the flesh cannot.  
The rapture of his gaze makes stir,  
Those feelings time forgot.* 

*Within his heart is love more vast,  
Than found in stars above.  
It's been so long since mine has passed.  
I hope you bring yours love.*
TELL HIM HE'S A GOOD BOY AND PET HIM FOR ME PLEASE TELL HIM I LOVE HIM OMG
Please do us all a favor and tell him he is a good boy
Right. "Join the Navy, see the world!"

...the fucking world is 70% water. 

Source: Joined Navy, have a few professional regrets.
Theory: It makes sense because they love their job so much that they're forced into online dating due to their lack of free time.
I didn't think I was unique until now. Good point.
Ben Wyatt:

    “Oh, look at that, you shaved off part of your mustache. That’s lovely.”

Ron Swanson:

    “I didn’t shave it off. It rubbed off… from friction.”
Took me 9 months to read all 14. Felt so good to finish though. 
It uses the overused laugh track to laugh at nerds. 
As someone who has been a nerd for 25 years and far, far before it was cool: Gatekeeping has existed the entire time. I got bullied out of the weekly Magic the Gathering games in Wizards of the Coast in The late 90s literally just for being a girl and somewhat new to the game. I've also been turned away from DnD in game shops that I would make my older brother take me too because "haha you're just a fake geek girl I bet you don't know what's on page 192 of the 2nd edition player manual that was released in France. Why don't you go sit in the corner and play dolls. Hey, cool older guy in a DBZ shirt, wanna play with us?" 

And that's not even talking about cons. 

Geek culture has always been full of gatekeeping bullshit. It's actually gotten insanely better in the past ten years.  They're so much more welcoming and friendly to newcomers, girls, LGBT+, and people who aren't white or Asian now. 
Or even stuff like:

PERSON A:   "I love superheroes! I'm such a geek, lol!"

PERSON B:   "Awesome! What did you think of how they characterized Barry Allen in *Flashpoint*?"

PERSON A:   "You mean you actually read the comics? Get a life, virgin!"
Also, when is it too late? 
Yes, that's true. I guess it's not so bad after all.
Not too many Greek people around here in East Bumfuck, though. Chances are best the parents named him after "300".
That makes you EXACTLY like other girls. 
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
The last time I used voice chat in GTA, they thought I was a 12 year old boy
FFXI, 2006ish, Ventrilo alliance of about 20 people, mostly our normal team but a couple random pickups.  The "keep it on topic in this voice channel" rule was taken seriously. 

Leads are talking strategy and mechanics, someone asks "what would you do Caira? You did this last week right?"

So I go into a couple-minute long explanation of where healers, tanks and dps need to stand, when to blow cooldowns, when adds will come, how they need to be taken out or cc'd, etc.

I'm interrupted by the push-to-talk blip noise, heavy breathing for 15 seconds followed by, "Guys, is that a *girl*?  Who is speaking? Guys? I *need* to know.  Soooo sexy.  Guys? *Guys*?"  

He then realized which character was mine and started sending PMs. 

Thankfully my teammates shut him down and he was eventually kicked for not getting himself under control. I've only done voice chat with a "broken" mic or close friends since. 

The sheer *holy shit a female on the interwebs* thing was and probably still is real. 

My husband was watching a livestream of a play through of the new Friday the 13th game, and there was this one guy that was just being a total douche to one of the women who was playing. He was saying a lot of unnecessarily sexual stuff to her.   

I'm not a huge gamer unless you count Minecraft, but I can see why women disguise themselves in multiplayer games.   

Also, Herbig? Like her big brown eyes?
I just don't speak because I don't like voice chat with strangers. Dude btw
It's more of a reflection of the society or general company that people keep.

I hang around with a group of people who would never sleep with someone on a first date, and would rather wait till marriage. In that context, the idea of "demisexual" (or the other comment, "I only date people after I get to know them") seems nonsensical. But if you're a high schooler, stuck together with a bunch of people who (claim they) are having sex at every provocation, or watching/reading a lot of media where sex is initiated with barely more than a shared look, then feeling that "I like to wait before having sex" is a special and unique position seems more understandable.
I'm demisexual, I'll only have sex with someone I'm in a relationship with. I'm so unique I swear haha
I personally find the classification stupid but to be fair this is a *wrong* description of it. Demisexual is only being aroused by someone with a good personality. Physical attractiveness, gender choice, or sexuality preference of the other person don't matter - only if they have a personality you like will you be interested in sex with them. So it's more encompassing than bisexual because you accept any "gender fluid" or whatever other assignment they come up with. You don't need to be in a relationship with them either, you just need to know them. Basically, no random drunken hookups with someone you just met on NYE.

Source: I attend University in the Bay Area and get a fucking earful about it every time I use it "wrong". Look at me I'm already indoctrinated, "educating" you on stupid shit
Jesus Christ Reddit.
No shreds of empathy just means that your an asshole generaly.
Sometimes I wonder if this isn't behind a lot of borderline cases of depression and anxiety.


A patient has normal social anxiety/depression, but they start discussing it online, learn the symptoms, start noticing the symptoms in themselves and just accept "Oh, I'm depressed/anxious" instead of learning normal coping skills.
"It's really taking away from other people who self-diagnose, like myself. It's a real big problem, guys." 
Nah, you're still human.
can you post a pic of yourself? cos you sound dope
I'm sure that's a fetish for some group of people.

Thanks, now i'm thinking of a Cruella De Vil bukkake called 101 ejaculations. 
need some help there buddy?
Me too, thanks
That's the one! 
I vaguely remember while living in Magna it was called "The Slightly Thicker Water Lake".  
I've watched this happen where a guy becomes "Friends" with the girl and will hang in there for months or even years just hoping that eventually, after being such a great guy, she'll come around. 

Guys always complain that girls go for assholes and never the "Good guy". Well okay... but then why do those guys go for those girls? Aren't they the equivalent of the asshole guy? Why don't they go for the "Good girls" who don't want the asshole guys? Oh... because they don't look quite as stunning and aren't as exciting? Well... hmmm. 
Not sure how, but there are plenty of examples of them over at /r/niceguys 
Christopher, the G is silent

no, like this

Kreigstoupheure, with a silent G
Too late, I just got my name legally changed to Queaveighn Mychale Rhadkliff.
That's it, I'm sending you my tits.
I read this in the voice from Dance of the Manwhore until the last two lines...and then I cried.
Took me over 20 years, since it took 3 years for each one to be written. 
Who knew capybaras were so good at sucking dick?
It absolutely is still real. Playing competitive modes with mt girlfriend is a nightmare half the time because we like to be in team chat. The second she says anything we get people turning their mics on and sayng " is that girl?" or screaming "GIRRRRLLLLLL". After that they usually just start hitting on her or ask really personal, usually sexual, questions.

Like jfc people just get on the objective and dont.harass every single girl that you meet in a video game. 
**NOOOOO MY QUIRKINESS**
LOL, thanks, but no thanks. Being in my 30s I've taken a great deal of pleasure knowing there aren't shirtless pictures of me floating around the internet. 
2me_irl4me_irl
I'm pretty sure it's "The Lake With Water That Doesn't Taste Very Good".
I had a class with a girl name Khrystygne.

"Christine." Called her Cry-sty-guhnee
Every day we stray further away from Jesus's light....
As is our custom
Username...uh....checks out....
Not with that username
Jesus you are all over this thread
You talk the talk, but can you film the walk and upload it somewhere for us to see?
that's fair. you still sound dope tho
This reminds me of that YouTube series of "how to pronounce". He says everything totally wrong. My lifelong best friend and I experienced yet a deeper level of friendship when he played the sound for me, "Hottie cooter rottie" and I asked if that one was haute couture.
Jewelleigha. It was Julia. True story. 
His name is Geezuß
ohwow there's two of you
Before you surrender your passionate pic,  
Revealing the nipples that hide on your dick -  
Consider your options, my foolhardy  friend -  
He asks for your picture, but *why*, to what end?  

It's come to the notice of we who observe  
The nastiest finding that's like to unnerve!  
The user that comments above and behind   
Has rather nefarious notions in mind!  

'Tis said, when he's offered a pic of your 'tit',  
It's not for the build or the beauty of it -  
It's not for a night of delight *avec* lubes -  
He's forming an army of man-eating boobs! 

And when he's completed his dastardly plan,  
With all the designs that we've sent to the man -  
He'll send them to maim and suppress and subdue!  
He's filling brattalions.

They're coming for *you.*

   
This is getting out of hand... now there are two of them!
I have many films of myself sucking dicks, but I can't upload them until I retire in 25 years or so. 
Thanks dude:) 
[Teacher mispronouncing names](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd7FixvoKBw) - Key & Peele
We are a small, yet proud group of people. With penises for nipples
Literally couples of us. 
I'm concerned this is buried too deep, but it is glorious.
Oh shit poem battle 
Top 10 Anime Crossovers.
Wholesome thread
I just assumed that there were nipples on the dick. TIL.
What's something people think makes them unique but really doesn't?

Brewing beer
Music. I wouldn't even care if I made a career out of it. If I had the time, I could actually finish writing a damn song. 
Voice acting.
Farming. 

We have a bit of land with our house now, been able to use some of the free space to grow Potatoes, Peas, Rhubarb, Raspberries, and Zuchinni. 

I grew up in a farming town, working on fields and in greenhouses. 

I'd like nothing more than to go back into a quieter homesteading lifestyle vs the humdrum and tediousness of city life. 
Run an RPG / Board game store.
Gaming.

“Hey guys its ya boiii BURRITOoooooooo and today we’re going to play some CALL OF DUTY!!! Before we begin plz hit that like button smash it up let’s get 2 likes on this video also subscribe and hit the little bell for notifications that would help me a lot and you are what keep this channel running also we have a giveaway going on get a free 12mB thumb drive just by subscribing and commenting thanks y’all”
I'll become a blacksmith. I love the idea of making swords, axes armors and all sort of cool stuff.
Also, I would love to open a restaurant. Both would be great.
Travelling, I would probably visit every country
Comedy. 
By far video gaming.  There are so many games already, a constant influx of new games, and they are constantly evolving.  Huge variety.  Games for when I want to be social and games for when I want to be left the hell alone.
I'd build a distillery. I'd make gin, interesting liqueurs, and cocktail bitters.
Start a used book store. Collect rare/out of print books, learn how to restore/re-bind the really old ones, and sell them along with regular used books. There will probably be an espresso machine, comfy couches and chairs, and a friendly dog. 
I'd open an art gallery/patisserie. I'd buy and sell local artwork. Talk about art all day. Eat macarons. Bake croissants. I'd die happy, for sure. 
That would be a toss-up between golfing and working on cars.

Both are rewarding, and take a lot of time / effort, maybe both?
Can't quit your job if you ain't got none in the first place! *ragtime music*
I would love to write all day everyday. It would give me time to make something that wasnt a steaming pile of garbage.
Masturbating
Driving around for no reason
Taking care of foster kittens!
Writing cool software. 

Oh, wait, that's my job.

Don't tell my employer. 
If I wanted to do a *single thing*, I could probably make work out of it.

I just want the freedom. The freedom to do nothing, and the freedom to engage in brief projects chosen by myself. Pretty sure my ability to have hobbies has atrophied by poverty anyway - having to do everything cheaply is exactly why hobbies aren't fun to me, as they then just become more work.
Probably either roleplay/improv acting or travelling.

Maybe both, that'd be interesting.
Woodworking.
It is a very useful skill. You could craft stuff for yourself, redecorate your house, try to be innovative and create something new, make gifts to everyone you like...

Side note: I strongly recommend people looking to pursue this kind of lifestyle to pay a visit at r/financialindependence
I would be a session guitar player or maybe even do some sideman stuff. 
Open up an Escape Room business. That service has gotten so popular that there's even one in the mall in my town, which is in the middle of nowhere in upstate NY.

I've been to some of them, and the game design has always disappointed me. I love game design and I would love to do design experiences for escape/puzzle rooms full-time.

But I also have a lot of ideas on how to improve the business side of things. I don't know why, but none of the escape rooms I've been to provide any sort of discount for larger groups, which doesn't seem fair. When each person is shelling out $20+, you might as well give a group rate if they have 5 or more people. Especially considering that the puzzles aren't well designed for groups of people.
Giving away free shit to people on the street.

Ice cream, balloons, shoe shines, corn dogs, carwashes, small phone chargers, etc.


Photography for sure. Exploring places would be crazy-good.
I like going to the gym, and working out. I'm actually in the process of getting my personal training certifications. Best case scenario I'll be real successful at it and pursue it full time, worst case I'll know how to work out really really good, and be able to make some side money. 
I'd probably still do something similar to my job, but with less pressure. I'm a financial advisor and I'm very passionate about money and investing, I suppose I would do free financial planning for lower income people.
I'd happily entertain people for free.

Money has never interested me, nor has fame. I don't need an enormous house, an expensive car, a gold-plated walrus, or a private jet. I'd like to live comfortably, of course... but to my mind, that means having a place that's my own, a nice chair, and the time I'd need to type up my ideas.

If I had the means by which to live that modest-but-comfortable life, then I'd be happy to offer all of my work to the world without asking for anything in exchange. In fact, I'd actually prefer things that way: When things like rent and walrus-feeding bills aren't issues, a person can focus more intently on their goals. I'd write novels, screenplays, and short stories, I'd put together amusing comic strips, and I'd probably even attempt to develop a bad video game or two. The medium wouldn't really matter, provided that people who were interested had easy (and free) access to it.

This is all hard for some folks to believe, of course, but honestly: I *don't* want that gold-plated walrus.

**TL;DR: I actively** ***want*** **to offer free entertainment.**
My hobby consists of doing whatever I want. Typically that includes:

 * Video games
 * Cooking
 * Going on day trips to neighboring cities or scenic locations around me
 * Going to restaurants
 * Going to the movies
 * Masturbating
 * Sitting in the same room as my wife, watching netflix while we both mess around on our phones

So if I got to quit my job and not worry about money, I'd do all of that but better. 

 * Now I have more consoles, games, and a decent gaming PC
 * I just upgraded my kitchen and only shop at whole foods
 * Hello actual vacations 
 * I will be eating out more frequently and at nicer places
 * Just got a membership at my local theater and will go to all the screenings
 * Premium Porn
 * Still sit around with my wife all the time because honestly that's what I am usually doing anyway and I loooooove it. 
I'd start a cat rescue. I could spend my life petting cats and making sure they get good homes.
Probably disc golf.  I love throwing discs, always have (former ultimate player - got burned out on the game) and disc golf distills ultimate down to the disc-throwing essentials.  Slowly throwing further and further with more and more control.  If I could be out all day, hiking around through parks, enjoying nature, and also throwing discs while I'm at it, hell yeah.
Becoming a professional mermaid🌊
Baking for a living doesn't sound so bad. Maybe one day. 
I would say photography would be the most enjoyable out of my hobbies. Otherwise I would say being a twitch streamer/YouTuber. I'm not fantastic at video games but I enjoy playing them and I've heard I'm funny while doing so. 
Reading.
Shooting guns, all kinds of weapons.. and traveling. maybe both at the same time?
I'd love to start my own little farm and sell stuff at a Farmer's Market every weekend
Tying Flies (for fly fishing)
One would assume that a passion for cooking would translate well into a job. No. Fuck no. Food service, even in fine dining, is absolute hell.

If money we're no object I would love to host meals for people in my dream home. Kind of like a food Network show/Tupperware Party but in person and without awkwardly trying to hawk merchandise.

They can come when food is ready or come early if they want, start with cocktails, and i walk them through the entire preparation start to finish. I love watching people cringe when I start making something that their childhood ruined, Then gauging their pleasent surprise when something like Brussels sprouts can actually taste phenominal when prepared right. Introducing people to new foods they love,  showing them industry shortcuts, and especially demistifying complex dishes feels like teaching a kid how to ride a bike. 

Oh well, back to minumum wage reality.
Honestly, for me, money doesn't create happiness. It's more of an object. My end goal in life is to make as many people happy or impact as many lives in a meaningful way as possible. That being said, my hobby is gaming and anything video game related. I'd love for my full time job to be just streaming me playing games and my personality live across the internet.
I tried it seriously for a few months a couple years back and found success, but I'm not very good when it comes to dedicating or committing myself to something. This coupled with the fact that it cut so much into my real life time/was hard to fit into my work schedule, I quit.
The stars are starting to align again with my life and I may have a good opportunity coming up to start streaming again and give it one more honest to God shot.
I'd love to do what Andrew Zimmern does with Bizarre Foods. I love traveling and eating new things. I'm pretty open to trying odd foods but do share a common dislike for durian with Andrew.
Travel the world playing paintball
I occasionally have fantasies about being in a car accident and losing a limb, then taking my disability + insurance payouts and spending the next 20 years getting engineering and medical degrees and building an advanced, open-source platform for robotic prosthetics. None of these things are my current hobbies.
Horticulture, masturbating, shrimp
I have a few good options 
It's probably stupid to a lot of people, but go full-time Youtube/Twitch. I've loved every minute of it for 6 years, and I love entertaining people and building a community. It's so awesome to speak to people from across the world, and really opens my eyes to things. I just love it. :) 
Growing hundreds of pepper varities. I started growing a few plants and have slowly added to the amount every summer. I get geeky about growth and getting maximum growth without using chicals. I would love to have a small farm and just work it daily.
Blacksmithing.
Porn
Honestly?  I'd keep going to school for psychology because I'm really passionate about counseling preteens, teenagers, and young adults and those who are or were in abusive relationships.

But a hobby?  Full time streaming gaming with some poetry on the side.
Travel. I'm obsessed with culture and would love to see the world. 
Animation and anime production. 
I'd probably write click bait all day. 
I think it's hella fun watching the analytics. 

Seriously, coin collecting.

Some old coins are worth a lot of money, so your hobby would actually make you richer along the way.
Retro games, or Porn. 
Crafting. I would just open a big etsy shop and watch the money roll in.

In my dreams...
I would just sit in my bed all day on reddit. 
Raising and/or breeding Betta fish. I think it would be awesome to make giant, extravagant tanks for the little guys just because they usually get treated so poorly.
Growing pot. It's a cool hobby to watch on youtube as well.
Sucking dicks. 
i don't work and I just play video games all day
I would immerse myself in the Japanese culture to grasp the language faster than what I am doing and try to make a lot of friends.
Scuba Diving
I would just travel, anywhere and everywhere. I would love to spend a year or more living in a place and them move on. I would spend a lot of time near or on the ocean as well so I can scuba dive.
Write songs. Everyday a new composition or at least working out the kinks on an older one
Make and play games. 
Board games, video games, and modify existing games.

Practice carpentry. 
Create both utilitarian wood furniture and structures, and wood sculptures.

Scuba dive and surf.

Hike and camp, taking 360° photos of the wonderous places I visit.

Study machine learning.
Music Therapist and/or wilderness survivalist 
Animation 
Photography, such an amazing art form. 
Creating a production studio/multi-channel network as well as a successful YouTube competitor.
Filmmaking / Acting. It was such a passion of mine in high school, but now in college I have little time or money :(
I'd probably move to the mountains and open a BBQ shack. Like literally a bare bones place that operates in the summer only. Maybe some canopies for people to eat under, but that'd be about it.
I'd wanna try my hand at running a pub. It'd be called 'Dungeons and Flagons', and be fantasy themed. The drinks would all be called 'potions' and there'd be quests. For example, your 'party' has to compete against other parties in challenges, with free 'potions' as rewards.
Either blacksmithing or acting. 
Blacksmith or CNC Mill Operator.
I would definitely travel the world snowboarding the best spots. 
Open an arcade/bar/restaurant. Similar to Dave and busters but less greedy with no redemption games that caters more to actual gaming
I always feel weird about these questions because I wouldn't...

I love reading, drinking a nice bourbon, going for a hike, a bit of fiction writing - but the idea of just hanging around doing those things instead of the career Ive spent most of my life working on is a bit maddening.

Maybe working accidently became my hobby...
My retirement goal in life is to live somewhere large enough that will accommodate a shit load of rescue dogs. I want to save them all. So probably that. 
Travel vlogger, drag queen is also way up there too.
Bartending or running a bottlshop
This is kind of my current situationNot hugely rich but enough to make ends meet. Trouble is, I don't have much in the way of hobbies.  This will be a good thread for suggestions. 
Learn all the languages.
I go around to breweries in the US, but specifically in the East Coast - I do write-ups and take pictures of said breweries in my free time.

I'd pursue beertography around the globe if this were the case. I'd love to go everywhere and just take pictures and talk to all of the different people involved.
Dog Rescue
OR
Beach Bar in the Caribbean 
Woodworking. 
Rebuilding broken mechanical and solid-state things.  Watches, clocks, VW Beetles, transistor radios, antique wash-wringers...
Full-time Dungeon Master
Trading stocks. 

I think there's some kind of weird irony to this. 
Trying to improve and/or sustain relationships with people (friends, family, love) so I don't die lonely.
Writing 
Uhh...writing reddit comments?

/cries
I'd go to school forever. Pursue any type of degree I want, any kind of class I want, forever. Learn all about science, math, literature, language. I want to know all, without the stress of having to worry about grades and assignment deadlines, although I would try to complete them all. If that gets boring, I would go to trade school, learn carpentry and welding, metalworking and auto mechanics. By the time that gets boring, getting back into a classroom would probably sound fun again.
I have so many hobbies I wouldn't be able to choose just one. But I did quit a full time job and worked for myself doing mechanical work for about 1.5 years. But due to outside circumstances I couldn't go at it any longer. I think about doing it again now. 
Lettering! 
So many options! Preferably a combination of below.

* Write novels
* Professional book blogger
* Avid food blogger who eats a bit, gives rest to homeless
* Competitive lifter or something else active (yoga, marathon runner)
* Start my own charity
* Become an English professor in 18th century literature about provocative women.
* Increase my proficiency at stand up comedy
* Take singing lessons, join a band
* Take up an entirely new hobby I have mild interest in

What I would actually do:

* Have daily social engagements, read a novel every 3 days, go to the gym daily
I can't sing or play, however I love music and know what sounds good. I'd like to be a record producer. If not that id like to run a coin shop. 
Creative writing for sure!
I'm a professional musician right now so I'm basically doing my hobby for a job. But I had to pursue something else, it'd be chess. It's similar to music in the way that you can never truly master it. 
Writing Science and horror fiction.
Ideally I wouldn't choose just one. I spend a year or so doing one thing, like running a fabrication/hot rod shop, then spend the next year doing something else, like make a video game. I can't imagine I would ever be satisfied doing just one thing. 
Depends on the budget I'm allowed to toss into the hobby.  Generally I'd say work on drones and other RC vehicles but if I had a very generous budget I'd probably say collect and restore actual tanks, APC's and IFVs. I personally would love to own, drive and tinker with an M41 Walker Bulldog or T55, as well as a BTR or BMP.
Run a vintage clothing and home goods store. I love antiques and old clothing and have so much fun finding treasures and stuff. 
I'm a podcaster/blogger right now and even though I've been doing it for two years i'm not even close to be able to go full time.  I'd love to though. 
Anything to do with flight. Flying small aircraft. Or restoring old cars (alternatively modernising older cars)
I would probably travel; experiencing cultures of different countries and learning different languages! I would probably vlog the experiences I have and blog about them later.

Then I would invest money in several businesses in order to increase my own revenue then start my own business doing something random.
Landscape photography. That or diving, but anyway I treat m try to combine it.
Train/teach martial arts.
I wouldn't consider it a hobby, as I've only ever done it once, but being a pilot. 

I flew a 4 seater prop plane when I was 12 years old, and never had a chance to be in an airplane since. To get my pilots license, especially as a hobby, I doubt that will ever happen, but if I could make a retired living as a charter pilot here in Ontario, it would be awesome. I couldn't think of a better job. 

Unless this "financial security" thing also gives me enough money to buy my own fighter jet, I'd just fly that thing from air show to air show, like the ex British pilot who bought two Harriers, and does exactly that.
Inventor, small scale electronics for be-spoke solutions
Wargaming miniatures. Warhammer, Warmahordes, Malifaux, Guild Ball, I would play them all. I would also try to invest in a 3D printer and start making my own models.
I'd start a racquetball club. Can be such an exhilarating and fast paced game. Not to mention it keeps you in great shape. My 85 year old grandpa is still built like an ox and plays 5x a week. 
I've decided my true passion is to run like a kayak rental/river tour business... But also own a small goat farm. So people could come rent a kayak and pet some goats. It's the only thing that could truly make me happy
Running my YouTube channel. Actually so long as things don't fall apart in the next few months, I'll be making the leap next year and giving it a shot. It's scary, but really exciting. 

Right now the biggest struggle is not tricking myself into thinking I'm ready to make the jump now. 
Game making. Have a couple I'm prepping to try and sell that can hopefully make enough to make it a reality.
Dancing
I wanna go to space.
Yo-yoing.  

Specifically in the 1a style... possibly 4a (offstring)
i'd be a painter and printmaker with my own gallery.
~~Motorsport photography~~. Motor racing.
Cigar lounge. Lowkey spot with nice low lighting, solid whiskey selection, big comfy leather chairs and sofas.  
Art and writing comic books.
I would open up a small bookstore that accepted used books, and run a small espresso bar with it where people could just sit and read the books and drink coffee (or tea) and it would be cosy and a safe place 
Game design, i understand i can work on it after work but id prefer being able to study every aspect to a competent level (music, animation, character design, storytelling, etc)
Make stuff. Cosplay armor, polymer clay figurines and jewelry, beaded jewelry, exc. 
writing, i wake up and want to write, but the world demands so much of my time, I cannot right now without others suffering for my personal wants. 
Golf. All day erryday
Audio engineering. I like making the money on the side and it's my favorite way to spend my time, but the market I'm in would make it impossible to do as a main source of income.
I'd shitpost on reddit even more.

Gallowboob wouldn't know what's what.
Working on a cure for aging. Once I am done with that I will have sooo much more time and could start whatever other hobby I wanted, but that would definitely be the first one.
Sleep
Wilderness Backpacking
I would see the rest of the world. I almost exclusively spend my savings on travel. I can only afford to travel every two or three years but I've been to 49 states in the US and about two dozen countries. 
Music Production and writing. I think about this 200 times a day. My dreams are dying.
Painting miniatures for D&D and Warhammer 40k. I've been getting much better since I've started and I even do commissions now for some of the friends I play with, but not good enough to support it on its own. 
Well, my current hobby is doing DIY build or repair projects because I'm usually too broke to have someone else do it (home and automotive), or buy interesting gadgets (electronics and other nifty things).

That said, because the question guarantees financial security, I would get my pilots license take up the hobby of flying. More specifically: I would get a seaplane that had good range & payload capabilities, setup shop in the Caribbean, and offer to haul cargo or people around that otherwise couldn't afford it. 

I may or may not paint the plane yellow. It all depends on whether or not sky pirates are a thing in that reality. 
Oh, man, I don't know!  Stupid lack of money.  Stupid lack of hobbies.

I guess...probably either play magic professionally, or learn to code and see what I can do about making an AI (I would judge success by the AI's ability to play magic professionally) or work on my plan to become Emperor of the Entire World.
Golf - every day and twice on Sunday.
DRAWING ILLUSTRATIONS EVEN THO IM NOT AS GOOD AS OTHERS
Music.  I took piano lessons for a summer about 30 years ago and regret giving it up.  I've resumed the lessons just this year.  I'd also like to play the cello. so my full-time job would be practicing and learning piano and cello. 
Coach surfing
Watercolour painting. I love it but I need more practice.. but I have no energy to practice due to work and my commute.
I would start an aquarium business. It would be amazing to go to other peoples' homes and design, stock, and maintain their aquariums for them. 
Trail Running/Hiking

Back to fixing cars.  Did it as a hobby for a long time, and the got into it professionally.  It ruined it for me.  Four years after leaving the field I'm barely starting to enjoy turning a wrench again.
Studying in every college
Probably open a restaurant
I am passionate about android apps & adopt freelance app development after quitting my Job.
Check my AppLock app on playstore.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ajy.applock
Baking and cooking, and die as an old wise baker with several grandchildren.
Politics.

Just signed up for the FSOT. Wish me luck!
I would run an art gallery that displayed and sold alternative art. Chainmail and Chainmail jewelry, wire wraps, homemade wands, glass blown whatevers, crocheted clothes and accessories, wooden crafts, basically any weird aawesome hand made thing that isn't traditionally seen as "art". This would be the second floor. The first is a venue and bar. 
I'd open a bakery! I love baking everything from cookies to bread to tarts to cupcakes to pies lol. But I could never imagine opening up a bakery that's successful enough to keep me financially stable. Oh well.
Hockey. i am really young and have always wanted to play, but I have never had the money. hockey is super expensive.
Music. I am already slowly working towards getting a band together with a friend of mine and I plan on being im a band while working my engineering career I am studying for, already.

If I was set I wouldn't need to worry about that safety net and could really push my music career instead of leaving it my secondary career.
Cooking by far
Hiking. 
Twitch stream. Get paid to play all the video games, set by your own hours, and you can play any game at any time, and people will watch you? The social interaction, though sometimes toxic, can be fun and exciting.
Disc golf
Travelling food blogger? Profesional Anthony Bourdain impersonator? 
Bass fishing. 
Paintball/Airsoft

There's just something about doing them that gives me the most life-fulfilling feeling.
I love writing and playing guitar and spending time with my family, so if I could do those three full-time I'd be over the moon.
Sleep. Just eat sleep  and parry video games
golf
Horse Riding, that stuff gets expensive over time, I mean I don't own a horse and never have but going for lessons every week can add up at £19 a time, so it would be nice to know I could get whenever I wanted and enjoy being with my buddy Barron without financial worries.
Backpacking every amazing trail I could get my feet on!
Hiking.
I actually did this. 

I used to make costumes on the side for fun, having been a sewer since I was 14. 

Now I'm a stitcher for WDW!
Mma 
 streaming/YouTuber I expect.  It's fun and I can spend time with friends doing it
Can buying stuff be a hobby?

Buy whatever you want with financial security sounds nice to me. Then you can afford to buy holidays to travel or do whatever else anyway....

I want to make the things on the end of shoelaces!
I want to learn a couple languages. 
And paint. 
And play guitar, violin and maybe a horn...like the trumpet, it's jazzy :) Oh! And the sax 
I have some demons I need to confront, but I'm too stressed out all the time I don't know where to start sometimes...
Traveling....oh my god there's soooo much of the world I want to see. I'm about 100 kilometres from where I was born and this is a source of much woe in me. 
I would like to try finish writing my book, and then try again, and again :)
Do all this and maybe more and then teach others what I have learned. Teach and teach and teach. That would be amazing 😉 
 I'd probably still end up in IT.
Lego
Fencing. Or baking.
Flipping furniture
Music. Easy. Buy those Wurlitzers/Rhodes keyboards I always wanted, some other instruments, and set up a home music studio. I'd never leave.
The short answer is video games.  
  
The long answer is a little more in depth. I have this career fantasy of building this great community of people around me, that helps and supports each other. We gamers can be incredibly encouraging to each other, but also insanely toxic at times. I started years ago diving into recording on YouTube and then Streaming on Twitch with the mindset of "Hey lets try to make some money on the side." but that has changed dramatically over the years. I just want to meet people, entertain people, and encourage moderately positive behavior.  
  
So if I could dive into my hobby, it would be very much my content creating, and passion of community management revolving around the video game industry.
Woodworking. Building tables and such in my garage. 
Music production and digital art. 
Do research on battery technology. Just sit in a lab and try to figure out the perfect battery. Unfortunately I make clothes for a living.
Opening a little shop for second hand clothing. 
I volunteer at a second hand shop, which is run by the red cross and it makes me so happy to help people.
I move to Colorado and open up a gun range, smith, and hand load shop.
Buy and sell used cars.
Volunteering. I would help out in whichever way and country possible. Just move from place to place, trying to help.
Jewelry making. I do it on the side and use upcycled materials. I do research on each postage stamp/symbol/item I use so the end user know about it. It is so satisfying!   
id be a dress maker, or taylor swifts underwear. 
Music and pottery 
I would love to turn film making and or reviewing into a full time thing! Love movies and would really like to be able to write and or direct them. I just can’t with the time I have
making scale models
Race car driver
That's a hard choice. It would be to between pro race car driver or pro magic the gathering player. Both currently casual competitive hobbies.

I think I would opt for race car driver. Nice to travel the world drive cars. I would take my pets and girlfriend with me around the world 
Race car driver. No hobby is more financial insecure, so assuming that is taken care of... I can't imagine anything better. 
I would do everything that I've ever wanted to learn how to do. I would learn how to sing, play the piano better, the guitar, painting, drawing, improv comedy, cubing, producing music, writing music, comedy, voice acting, and everything else that sparks my inspiration!!! WOOOO
Creating everything. I love cars but that's just my beginning. I want to brand myself and I find it would be fun to make my own clothing and accessories as well as car parts or other things when the cars are running too perfectly to work on lol. If nothing else, I'd just like to race and live as a race car driver in every style of the sport 
Im late the to party but id like to be a race car driver/motorcycle racer. Im joining a go kart racing league next summer hopefully that fills the racing void i have.(i missed sign up for this season) 
Racecars. 
Compose music.  Not pop, or rock but strictly classical music.   String quartets, viola sonatas, symphonies, tone poems etc...
I would mountain bike like a crazy maniac every single day.  Also would drink shit loads of ipas and smoke tons of weed as well.

Back flipping
Traveling and writing articles about weird/ancient/medieval buildings around the globe babyy
Long distance backpacking. Pacific Crest Trail, Continental Divide Trail, Appalachian Trail, etc. I feel most at home and most alive alone in the mountains with all my worldly possessions on my back.
Farm & Ranch.  I would do some work with aquaponics probably.
I would definitely start a bar, I'll call it Puzzles.

Gambling. If I have financial stability that means I would either have unlimited funds or be amazing at it. 
Smoking dope.
Fantasy football
Reading and writing
Landscape photography. 
Travel, golf, bowl, and drink.  That's the dream
I would like to write my blog full time, doing all my film and music reviews for the masses.
shitposting
Making cocktails 
Travelling to comic con to comic con with my replica TV Show car.
Don't get me wrong, I love my current job..but if I didn't have to show up and had financial security I would: 
Hmmm, well I really like cycling so I'd probably travel to different countries and bike around. I would also probably run an orphanage that was like a sports camp, like soccer / running. I'd definitely go ahead and finish getting my skydiving / pilots license. Yeah, that's what'd I would do. 
Activity director at a resort - Snowboard, windsurf, golf, MTB  etc...
I would do YouTube/Twitch full time. I've been wanting to do videos for a while now, and I'm hoping to start my channel soon! Just have to plan out stuff. 
Game Development, 

I have some experience with unity but dont always have the time, focus or energy to work on it. If I didn't have to work though that would become my new job.
Painting. With a little travelling involved, you got the perfect job.
College.  I can finally take all those classes I didn't have room for.
Ballroom dancing. I take weekly lessons now, and I'd take an 8 hour daily lesson if I could. I would not stop dancing and trying to get better at it. There's so much to learn!
Traveling surfer. Get to see the world and it would all be sandy beaches with great weather. Bali, Indo, Hawaii, Oz, New Zealand, France, Central America, Maldives, Mentaiwias, the list is awesome. Maybe on a cool yacht traveling from surf break to surf break. 
3D printing
I have wanted to get into printing for a couple years now. I just never have the time and money at the same time. 
Gun smithing. Id build so many bubba'd up franken rifles.
I'm doing this right now. I've discovered I can be a half decent cook, so I've spent alot of time on it and found I really enjoy looking at the end result with an, "I did this!" smile. (Considering I came from a very sheltered home where my mother did everything. Still love you mum, but I could barely boil water lol)

I stream games on a schedule, just for the consistency. Although I haven't stuck to one game so I doubt I'll find a following.

Apart from that my goal was to become a domestic god and learn how to do everything around the house, from cleaning to DIY stuff. Not been my forte but it's coming along slowly.
Product photography. I got most of the equipment at this point and was planning on starting to do some freelance work but the year has been a rollercoaster.
I would probably do some programming, write programs, games, and apps that I think are interesting, without having to worry about how marketable they are. 
Auto restoration.
Art. I used to do art for my income, but stopped when I graduated college; I had a disabled brother to take care of after that, and commission work/personal sales weren't going to cut paying for two people.

But god do I spend a lot of time trying to get back into it.

If I could be financially secure and go back to that, I would be so much happier than I am right now. 
Traveling the world
Writing
Stop Motion. I have a ton (ok just 40ish) of figma/figuarts that I'd love to manipulate and post to youtube free of charge. Started collecting them as a hobby that helped my work related depression. That and making AMV's (Video editing). 
Shark diving 🦈

Been doing it for about 10 years and it is absolutely amazing. But leaving a great job and nest egg to roll the dice is a scary proposition.
Travel to other people's houses to build large playgrounds for their kids. Motivate children to play outside on this elaborate play set instead of wasting away at a monitor. And privacy fences.
Writing, easily. Especially if I got good enough at it to where I could turn my "financial security" into Scrooge McDuck style opulence. 
I would make stuff. Constantly. Music, 3d modelling and animation, video games, tabletop RPGs, comics, books, costumes.

I love creating new stuff in almost any medium but I have to have a job so I can afford to live.
Halloween.  

Building props, designing scenes, setting stuff up. 
Restoring steam locomotives
Cosplay, and costume making in general... maybe one day! 
Write, ride horses, and travel.  And maybe have a small farm where I foster horses that have been abused or abandoned.  Maybe other livestock as well.  Rebuild their confidence in people and find them new homes as companions and fuzzy lawnmowers.
Film-making
I love writing scenarios,thinking about and executing camera work, and making special effects.
I'd make fine furniture.  On breaks I'd be drinking fine gin made by /u/JimmySinner - all of my tools would have their safety guards intact.
Singing/acting on stage.  Exhausting but exhilarating!
Be a writer for an auto blog or something.
 
There is no money in writing and I want to be kinda freelance
Writing and directing my own feature movie,I would love to have a full budget and crew and make the thing I want to make..even if everybody hated it.

Open up a craft beer bar and collaborate with local breweries for one off beers
Travel the world snowboarding at world class and lessee known resorts in the world. Document the entire process and make some rad videos.

I can't imagine anything better than traveling to some of the most beautiful places in the world, taking in the culture and meeting new people while also being able to ride all year. In the spring/summer I would chase the snow into the Southern hemisphere 
Reading fantasy novels
I would make tech video online. Dunno if I would ever make it big, but it would be cool to share what knowledge I have
Travel around the globe with my bicycle.
I wish I could have enough time to actually get good at playing the cello, as you might have guessed by now I'm a cellist, but I never have enough time. I'm perpetually in a state of being ok.
Maintain a reptile sanctuary.

Reptiles get very little love and I find them rather endearing, misunderstood animals. Parents will often buy them for their kids, the kid gets bored, and most of the time the parent doesn't want to take care of the animal. I'd take them in, get their health back up if they were formerly neglected, and maybe adopt out some of them.

Sad thing is, this hobby is more of a money sink than a money earner.
r/financialindependence

Go ask the people living the dream!
Geocaching and hiking. I absolutely love the outdoors!
Currently a software engineer. Realized recently that even if I wasn't doing this, I'd still be an engineer. In a way, my career is my hobby. I love building things and problem solving. 
Craft beer
a fucking men.
Do this currently. It's amazing. 
This is what manliness sounds like
I'd love to distill my own bourbon. 
As a brewer I would say there is little financial stability. If you're an owner or head brewer at a big operation you may live comfortable. It's a pretty amazing job for a single 28year old. If you're passionate go talk to a brewery. Jam your foot in the door. Eventually you will get work. 
you and me both wombinator . 

I have a family and money is already tight imagine me starting my own business ... that would be madness and reckless. 

But if i knew that financially I could not fail.... then I would never work again a day in my life. brewing massive massive batches of beer 
I always write cool riffs and forget them right away :/
Haha yeah that sounds about right. I'm sitting on some great choruses or hooks or riffs or whatever it may be but just not enough time to really play them out all day every day til I have something worth a damn.
I feel like I've never had the time to really get good at it. But I enjoy the heck out of it. 
Same here. Sometimes you just got to force yourself to spend the time if you enjoy it. It's been slow, but I've been able to put out an album a few years ago and recently an instrumental EP. Still wish I had more time... maybe one day.
On average it's taken me about a decade and change to finish a song.

I'm just closing up one I started when I was 19, and I'm in my late thirties. Funny how that works. Really only just figured out what it was about. 
Same for me. I wanted to be a musician and I had it all planned too. I enrolled into USC and was wimped out after my first semester because the financial weighed scared me. 
you certainly have the face for it
I've thought of doing this myself. It's a hard industry to get into, but if money's not a concern, you'd be able to get some great equipment and build up a pretty nice demo doing volunteer work.
Right there with you, idk if I can do different voices etc but I just love the idea of it and think it would be a ton of fun
Yessss this would be what I'd do I think 
same, I suck at serious voices but cartoony ones I can do
I read this is your voice.
Dude, I'm midway through the process, so if you ever feel like picking it up as a hobby, I can help guide you through the cheapest way to do it. :D
Same!

My town has an area where you can rent 30x10' garden plots from April-November. Me and the boyfriend just found out about it in January so we got a plot. It's been FANTASTIC. He grew up on a farm so he's the boss and I follow his lead. I'm learning so much and realize that I'm the calmest and happiest when we go up there to work and pick our veggies for the week. I could just sit there for hours and watch the plants grow. I can't wait till someday when we can have a house with a yard large enough to have a garden on it. That's the dream.

If I could quit my job and just hang out in my garden and weed all day and talk to my plants, I'd be the happiest person in the history of the world.

Edited for durr clarity.
You are living the background story of Stardew Valley. Leave Jojo, pursue your farm!
I didn't grow up on a farm, but grew up in a rural area with a lot of my friends having farms. After leaving my hometown for college I lived in metro Detroit for 8 years, and now I live in LA. My wife loves it here, but I wouldn't mind having a plot of land with a small farm and being fairly self sufficient back in the area I grew up. 
Something about the soil - Really want to farm either hops, grapes, or  fruit trees preferably apricots - it's just something that sings to my soul 


but the over complication of "analysis paralysis" keeps me from even looking 
Farming isnt a hobby, its an actual profession.
My husband and I are doing this now! Quitting our corporate jobs and moving to a homestead in Hawaii. Paying for everything outright, offgrid, living off our acreage and hopefully never working another office day again - just gardening and building! 
Oh me too ! 

This year it's been the first time in three years that my garden is almost perfect ! I have tomatoes, jalapeños, cucumber ( not perfect tho) hot peppers, greens peppers, and I have herbs, like basilic.

Its almost like a therapy for me to take care of my garden....

Next year I want it bigger !
Don't let your dreams be dreams !
I did this last year and it's still going! Minus the financial security thing I guess. It's tough and sometimes exhausting in every way possible, but it was a lot easier than we thought and it's very rewarding. Board Games are a hard sell (and so expensive!) and they're a very small part of what we do, mostly we do MtG, but we do enough Magic stuff that it lets us have room for some of the more niche stuff we're excited about that don't necessarily pay the bills. 

Warhammer 40k, and I'd become a professional miniatures painter. 

Having an RPG / Board game store would be great for that.
I already hate you
God I hate you.  I better hate-subscribe just so I can tell you how much I hate very video you post.
Wanna join my FREE gift card giveaway?!
Like, subscribe, comment, and turn on bell notifications!

Dude. I'd forge with you.
 You can sell swords and ask if they want fries with that.

Yes! I too would love to be able to do that!
This, verbatim, 100%!
You can! It's much easier than you would think. Setting up a charcoal forge in your garage is easy, and it's a very rewarding hobby. I couldn't recommend it enough
Restaurant centered around beefy guys all forging swords. 
Why do restaurants/blacksmith combos not exist? Dinner and a show.
Can the restaurant be blacksmith themed?
Can we still use that word?
Minus North Korea 
I'm with you on this one.
Explore the most exotic places in this planet.
Yep. The moment someone shared with me I was "all set", I'd eat one last great cheeseburger, cause Murica,  then head to the airport. No bags. No itinerary. Just go. 
The first real answer, everyone else has been answering actual professions instead of "hobbies". Game store, music, farming, etc. Those are all actual jobs that people make a living from, those arent hobbies.
well, you're off to a great start
My advice to you as a professional comedian is never ever, without a doubt, ever in your life, listen to assholes on the internet that claim they are a professional comedian. 
Tell us a funny joke
Oh come on Zoidberg
It's one of those things I've kinda fantasized about with how popular twitch is these days, but 1. I'm typically playing games that have already been out over a year, and usually are way past their peak popularity, and 2. I'm not sure I could stand constantly broadcasting myself while I play.
I don't know if you are into the pro scene at all, but being a professional video game player and working on a team sounds like so much fun. You play video games and travel the world going to tournaments with your teammates who often become your closest friends
I thought about doing this as well.  Starting a channel called something like "Unranked and UnTapped" or "Beers and Bronze" where I'd combine two of my favorite hobbies and review beers for people while they watch me fail horribly at League of Legends.

I'm way too busy to be able to do that more than one night a week though :(
I think I'd do twitch gaming stuff. Not so much youtube but that would be included too I guess since I'd have free time.

Making people laugh or smile and cheering up peoples day while getting to play games that I love sounds absolutely amazing. I dont have a stable enough internet for it though sadly.
Local craft distiller in NH told me when he got his license the state loved that he got a distilling license because they have an over abundance of people asking for brewery licenses. It can be done. Start with making bitters and see if local cocktail bars show any interest. People go nuts for locally made stuff. 
Man, this is one i'd love to do too. 
I used to work in a used book store. outside of money being shit it was high tier comfy.  
It got to a point where on Saturday nights (we were open till midnight, in the worst part of town) I'd play rock music on the stereo and order some pizzas to share with customers.  
It was definitely one of the more odd jobs i worked. Knife pulled on me, homeless people pissing on the floor, homeless people trying to sell their porn to us.
I'd die morbidly obese. But so so happy.
I would shop there. Two of my favorite things in one
I want a bar/cafe/bakery where my customers can drink drinks or scotch with their pastries. Just like in Portugal. I loved that place, could order a glass of rum, beer and a pastry and just sit reading a book or looking at people walking by.
Could I come to your art gallery, buy a croissant, recline near the art and ponder life while tilting my head back and slowwwwly lowering the delicious croissant into my food hole?
still can't find a decent french bakery in the states. 
I'm thinking that work on cars thing could work.  
Become the worlds best golf cart technician. Never work a day in your life. 
Working on cars is a real job you can do
Same here. I'd like to become the next George R. R. Martin, or at the very least the next Stephenie Meyer.
Don't let your dreams be dreams. Become a pornstar
Oooh, I'd love this too. I'd even be ok with some sort of "boss" who told me where to go. But I don't want to drive a big truck like for a shipping company, and I don't want to interact with lots of people like a taxi/uber driver or a delivery guy
I would love to have an animal sanctuary, especially for dogs and small animals like guinea pigs and rabbits. 
Amen, I came here to say this.
Is your job to write software or specifically cool software ?
This is exactly where I'm at. What would I be doing if I could be doing anything? Probably exactly what I'm doing now, only with weirder hours (I work best from 6 - 3am ish) and fewer odd requirements.
I love this answer. It's the truest, most honest one here, and it sounds great. 
owo What's this?
don't you mean 'spiderman stuff'?
My thing is how silly some game rooms are, and how short they last. I want to buy an entire strip mall and make massive escape rooms, like ten or fifteen building-size escape rooms, and make them serious. Dark rooms where you need to do everything with a flashlight, or mirror and laser light puzzles, and four hours to do them, things like that. I dont care how much of a loss I run at, i just want to run it.
Aw hell yeah can I design them with you?
Definitely. There are so many interesting places within a half day of driving but I just can't dedicate enough time to doing it with work.
Finally broke free of my student loan debt and started investing some of my extra income - any advice?
So you wanna be a bard...
Do... do you *know* people who need a gold-plated walrus?
This is why I believe we should have a universal basic income. People naturally tend towards being productive in their own ways - and even if they aren't, increased automation means the cost on society of giving a person the basic needs for free shouldn't need to be attached to a job, the way the minimum wage is. 
I feel like Reddit may be a means of accomplishing this goal of entertaining for you.
Want to entertain people? Give then a Netflix subscription. You're welcome.
why masturbate when one hass wife?
That's really nice. Once I've settled down, I want to adopt a bunch of older shelter cats. 
Me too!! Let's do it! 
$50 an hour to read whatever you want lol. 
I'm surprised shooting is this far down. Being like Jerry Mikulic would be a dream. 
Enlist!
You monster
Combine the two and make 8 bit porn.
╰⋃╯ლ(´ڡ`ლ)
I'm in, Lets do this together, They get a double bj experience. 
Isn't that just being a prostitute?
What a coincidence, mine would be getting my dick sucked!
It'd be cool if the name of each drink was a riddle, and you had to solve it to get served. 
Um I have kids and money. Come build one here. 
Just posted the same thing! I'm hoping to work up to it someday trough commissions, but for now I spend most of my time at work wishing I was working on my cosplay and costumes.
fucking men isn't a hobby
it's raining men
Embarrassed to admit this, but I took an idea from Taylor Swift and I record all my ideas on voice memos on my phone. It could be a chord progression, a riff, or a melody. Then some days I go back through them and turn them into songs. 
That's beautiful. It's like you raised a child. It took all these years to help it grow and take on your personality. Now set it free out into the world and watch it thrive. 
You're lightin' people up in this thread
At this point in my life, money is always a concern. That IS something I'd love to do, though. I don't know where I'd even volunteer. I'd honestly do stuff for free if I got credited. Eventually that'd lead to bigger and better things if someone thought I was good enough.
In which town is such magical space offered, and at what price?
lol. I'm so hooked on this game right now.
The current plan is that the game store will be my 'second act'. Once my kids are done with college, I'm gonna ditch NYC, move somewhere WAAAAAAY cheaper to live, and go full nerd. Thanks for the encouragement.
Not to be too much of a dream quasher, but now is a really rough time to get into board games. Target and Walmart have been moving in while companies like Asmodei are facilitating the move. You can do it, but you need to find a niche beyond "has games"
Congrats! My inspiration was this store in Portsmouth, NH:

http://diversionsgames.com/portsmouth/

It's a tourist town, and this store was packed the four times I visited during my vacation - both out of towners and locals.

Although I guess if you get very far outside of the town NH is known for its crazy high drug overdose death rates, 2nd worst out of all the states!
I paint commissions now and take models as payment. It has pretty much financed my plastic crack edition. I haven't actually bought any models in about 4 months. It's hard not getting burned out though.
Hell yeah

Or sell hamburgers and ask if they want an axe with that.
I don't know. How is it called this days?
That's the first stop!
Me too. Lets all go together, I have a few houses in the middle of nowhere where we can stay in between trips, It's where no one can hear any sounds coming from any of you guys at all, So peaceful. 
Thank you! 
Dead 😂😂😂
Sounds similar to my life motto:

Don't ever, for any reason, do anything, to anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what, no matter where, or who, or who you are with, or where you are going, or where you've been, ever, for any reason whatsoever.
Asshole
That's probably good advice for most professions.  

The Internet is a slice of society.  Thus, it is full of assholes and morons.
Ok. How about this one, it's a favorite of mine.

"I want to join a gang, mostly because I never know what to do with my hands when I get my picture taken".
I also would think that **very** few people can make a significant income that way.  For every popular broadcaster that actually brings in some cash, how many make nothing (or just some "beer money").
>but 1. I'm typically playing games that have already been out over a year, and usually are way past their peak popularity,

That's actually a good thing. It's much harder to get an audience playing an over-saturated new game than an older niche game.

I mainly stream PUBG and it's a rarity for me a to get any viewers but if I swap to an older game like Witcher 3 or really old like Roller Coaster Tycoon I would get 1 or 2 people to hop in(still very rare unfortunately).
No, I don't follow the pro scene.  I think it would be a blast to be a professional gamer though.  But only a very small % of gamers have the skill or opportunity to make this happen.

Sort of like how many people pick up a guitar, or even start a band, and how many actually make it big.
Playing the same game 8 hours a day... Scratch that, not playing, practicing, 5 days a week. Doesn't sound very fun to me.
One of the reasons i don t follow this dream
Yes. Come. Be gluttonous but also cultured. Pinkies out, bitches. 
Agreed. I'm so tired of cupcakes and cinnamon buns. 
You just got to work out the mechanics of making the occupation switch. 
But working on cars for a living vs as a hobby is vastly different.

Source: Mechanic
True, but for me it's just a hobby, I work in Tech
I would do that, but... am I really anybody's fetish?
Package courier?

I knew a guy who did that as a side job.  He'd occasionally drive to an airport, pick up some package, and drive that package several hundred miles then return.  I guess he fairly regularly had to transport donor organs to hospitals.
Car dealership shuttle driver
Maybe drive trains?
My job is to write software. I'm lucky because the stuff I'm writing is cool. I work at a medical lab and I'm in the department that is doing tests based on genetic sequencing.
As an HVAC Controls engineer I write cool software 
I didn't want to give away my identity, but yes. 
Work on an emergency fund first, 3-6 months income to cover for anything unexpected..car breaks down, loss of income, medical bills ect. Beyond that'd it'd be based on your country, age, circumstances so can't really give much more than that.

And congratulations on getting rid of that debt, must be a huge relief for you!
Or a jester
From what I've heard, once you go tusk, you... uh... get golden musk?

I don't know, man. I already said that *I* didn't want one.
That is one of the many reasons I spend so much time on the site, yes.
Does that mean you intend to [give people a Spotify subscription](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6rcx2u/if_you_could_quit_your_job_and_pursue_your_hobby/dl451ma/)?
I've thought about doing that too. I have two cats so I thought when I have a house and more space that it would be nice to adopt a cat that's 12+ to give it a good home for a few years.
Did you have that one ready?
That is fantastic. I would like to add it to my email signature at work, but I probably shouldn't. 
Can I be your first costumer? 
I am assuming I am wealthy and financially secure, I'm not going to charge for the BJs. 
Complete with a moat and gators! Dragons are hard to find though.
For some it is...
If only my ex-wife had the same philosophy...
You're right. It's a lifestyle. 
It's a lifestyle!
It can be.
Tell that to my ex-wife.
It's a way of life, I agree with ya buddy
Ya ya ya, i am lorde, ya ya ya
I do it with drum riffs. You just hear what sounds to be incoherent gibberish like "dicca ba da duh duh duh chssss Chss " but every once in a while I'm able to think "OH I KNOW WHAT I WAS GOING FOR!"  


It's his hobby
Most smaller villages/towns (7,500 people or less) will have a communal garden area. 

$10.00 Membership
$25.00 a plot. 

It is a cheap way to use city land, and force some socialization between neighbours and a sort of community watch at the same time. 

We avoided the local one, and sacrificed backyard space for it to keep it closer, and there is nothing like watching the kids take a break by pulling raspberries right off the bush for a snack. 
pfff ditch the kids, the just cost too much money anyway
You could do it like a local shop in my area. They use their kids for slave labor in the shop. Went there for a star wars destiny event. Was there until about 10:30pm on a thursday. They had some 8-9 year olds in the corner sleeving magic cards for the display.
Look for a college town in the midwest. Your lease should be pretty cheap, and you'll have plenty of customers. By way of example, Columbus OH has a ton of good gaming stores. 
If you're in NYC, there's an abandoned comic/game store on parkside ave in brooklyn that could use some love ;)
Most stores that cater to gaming usually have Friday night magic, d&d nights, there's a bar in Orlando that's a gamer bar. Can nerd out and drink
Count me in. I'd forge both of you so hard.
I think they thought you meant african-americansmithing
And the last
If they get much better with their ballistic missiles they might not be there much longer to be a stop. 
1. Go to the Chinese border 

2. Cut a hole it the fence

3. Shit on North korea
This sounds like a gre... wait a minute.
Cool, I'm in. Wouldn't want to disturb the locals.
"Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way. Like an improve conversation. Improversation."
I like it
Pro tip: Put your hands up awkwardly like Ricky Bobby and people won't ask to take pictures with you anymore. 
I just put mine on my co workers dick
It made me laugh. Keep it up!
You know, for a Clown Fish, he's not that funny. 
That was pretty good.
You have to have that "entertainer" mindset. You're almost not even playing for yourself at that point; you're playing for others so you have to constantly be dictating, joking, goofing off for the camera and trying to play skillfully at the same time.
Yeah, that's the other thing, being able to get enough money out of it to really live on.
I imagine it's hard to find that sweet spot where you aren't playing what everyone else is playing, but you're still playing something people actually want to watch you play.  
  
Come to think of it, the other major problem would be that I don't play many competitive games, and typically those get the most viewers.
Gluttonous but cultured is the intersection of all things good...

Verily, I shall visit your establishment and consume mass quantities.
What wonderful words to live by. 
The croissants i had in paris at some random bakery were better than anything i had in the States. They cost like .60 euro and they were warm, soft on the inside, flakey on the outside, buttery goodness. The random pastries I eat were cheap and delicious. Their hot chocolate milk was fantastic during a cool morning. I really do miss that routine i had in paris. 
Just don't let life throw a wrench in the mix
I always get conflicting advice on this:  "Do something you love and you'll never 'work' a day in your life," vs. "If you make your hobby your job, it won't be your hobby anymore."

Luckily for me, I'm so slow at fixing cars, I'd starve as a mechanic.  Thus, I work in a different field.
AMEN to that.
My dad is a mechanic, and he regrets making his hobby into a living. He's physically falling apart because after doing it for 30 years, it takes a lot out of you. Granted now hes more management, but it's still really sad to see my Dad falling apart from years of hard physical labor.  
There's always someone out there that wants to see you shove something up your butt.

As a camgirl once said to a guy wanting to get into cam work, even as a guy you have to shove something up your butt to actually get any attention.
Even if no one else wants to watch you, I alone will carry the burden of jacking off 5 times a day to you to support you <3
Maybe you can break into german scat porn because you look like shit
You just need to be THICC these days 
It is, and yes I am working on that now. After that though, I'm not sure where to go. Warren Buffett famously said that cash is a bad investment so I don't want to just keep stacking with miniscule growth potential 
http://upli.st/l/list-of-all-ascii-emoticons
I'd say it shows you're passionate about what you love, Go for it. 
"What's on your email signature?"

"It's a guy who really likes half finished balloon animals."
Two minutes and we're already in business.  
That doesn't sound like a good business strategy!

But seriously, why? 
Together, we can do it!
No, it is a lifestyle.
Makin movies, makin songs... AND FIGHTIN ROUN' THE WOOOORLD
Hopefully this time his daughter knows about it.
Awesome. If we don't have one, I'd want to start one. If you know of any websites please post!
"Aw, I have three kids and no money. Why can't I have no kids and three money?"
My local shop gets free slave labor from a local program that gives summer job placements to high school students. It was pretty great getting paid and getting school credits for chilling at my LGS.
Child labor force!!!!
What was it called? One of my favorite game stores of all time is twentysidedstore.com just 1/2 mile from my house.
Only if you try to steal a poster
Thanks!
Or market yourself as a terrible player. Some people watch others play just to fail (like in Bloodborne games).
Or have big boobs and lots of cleavage.
>Come to think of it, the other major problem would be that I don't play many competitive games, and *typically those get the most viewers.*

This is only true if you're actually any decent at the game at all (like top 500 for a competitive game I'd wager) or if you already had a following before you started playing. 

I used to be a small time streamer playing XCOM and I averaged about 50ish viewers every night before I had to stop because university started taking up more and more time. It's just about finding a game that isn't entirely dead on Twitch (like, if there's even 3+ other people actively streaming it as a non-one-off then you can make a space in that community) and then just being consistent in your scheduling above any other quality about you or your broadcast. 
That guy with the jar? Look how famous he got!
How much would it cost?
No surprise there! 
Well yeah, you've been handing out flyers ever since.
Only takes 2* to fuck.  
  
^*2 ^being ^the ^minimal ^fuckers ^needed
TUG BOAT SHOT HIMSELF
Generic Information -
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_gardening
http://www.foodsecurityalberta.org/civigeo-map

Larger City - 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_gardening

Smaller Town - 
http://www.didsburyagsociety.org/events/gardens.htm
https://permacultureglobal.org/projects/163-olds-community-garden
http://www.okotoks.ca/discover-okotoks/community-initiatives/community-garden

Personally, I want to have one kid who I can focus on, and enough capital to make our lives nice. 
Or criticize their leader. Or proselytize your religion. Or are a veteran of the Korean War. 

Though most tourists seem to be able to handle all of the above on their visits to NK and leave the country without incident. 
*pop* **glass breaks** "awww...shitttttt"
I've been told many times to take my head out of my ass, so I suppose I have a penchant for this.
First one's free!
Do you like them? I though my face from that angle looked weird, It's probably cause of the dick in my mouth. 
Well, one fucker and one fuckee.
Naw, just fuck yourself. 
No more, no less. 2 shall be the number of people needed to fuck...
Where is that pussy, Cancer?
Thank you! This is pure gold. 
It's bad business to disappear tourists.
Damn.  Why would they want to arrest someone connected to an organization that napalmed 18 of their cities out of existence?  That's just evil.  Those 3 million civilians died of natural causes.  Has nothing to do with the 800,000 gallons of napalm dropped on their homes.  They're just rude.
I think shitting would make it worse.
Wow!!!

The second one too?
You know what, they look a bit off to me. Here, try my dick instead. Say cheese!
If you impress us the first time around. 
I love you! 💚
How do you impress someone giving you a blowjob?

Just having a massive cock?
No, it's a combination of being able to last and what you do while it's happening. Always be groping the blower etc. 
If you could quit your job and pursue your hobby full-time with financial security, what hobby would you pursue?

if i'm pulling out of a parking space and you plan on parking in that space give me enough room to actually reverse out of that space without hitting your car.
Tell someone when you put them on speakerphone and who is around. I have a friend who I had to explain this rule to twice cause he thought asking me a question about someone who was with him was funny- now every single time he calls I ask if he has me on speaker and still watch what I say. 
If you're going to stop in a hallway, move to the wall so you're not getting in the way of others. 
Do NOT video chat on loudspeaker on public transport you fucking idiot.
If you live in a city and are out walking, and you need to stop and look at your phone, be aware that people behind you WILL fucking plow into you. 

I mean, so many of these rules could be fixed with a simple "pay goddamn attention, you idiot."
Do not give pets, especially to kids, as a present. Owning a pet should be discussed and preparations should be made. You don't give it to others as a ''surprise''.
If an elevator door is opening make way for whoever was in there first to get out before entering, this really doesn't have to be pointed out...
The UK Constitution?
When using a public restroom don't piss all over the seat.
Return your grocery cart to the area the store has provided you with. 
If your pissed about something at a store like an item being out of stock, or not getting helped immediately because all the employees are busy, or having to wait one second while an employee checks where something is. Please Please Please don't throw an adult temper tantrum directly at the person earning $10 an hour who had no control over the situation. 
Don't point out things about someone that will clearly make them uncomfortable.. "you have a pimple" "looks like you gained a few pounds" "you need your roots touched up" "is that tooth crooked" (try teaching your kids this before they grow up to become that guy)
Don't play your music unless.you have earphones. I swear some people have no fucking clue.
SAY THANK YOU IF ANYONE DOES ANYTHING OUT OF PURE COURTESY.  
Don't assume waitstaff are flirting with you! They are paid to be nice.
Don't stand two inches from the fucking conveyor belt at the baggage pickup in the airport. When everyone does this people at the back get left out and cant see if their baggage is coming. 
You don't try to look at your neighbor's junk at the urinal.
Move out of the way so I can get off this fucken elevator you selfish prick! 
If a person shows you a picture on his phone, don't try to go through his fucking camera roll without his permission. 

As the person showing the picture, slightly enlarge the photo so you have more time to react. 
Do not bring your baby to the movie theater. Find a sitter or wait till it's out to watch at home. 
Don't ask a woman if she's pregnant. 
I don't care what country you are in, you should walk on the same side of a path/hallway/staircase as you drive on the road in your country.

So here in NZ, walk on the left.

This bothers me more than it should.

&nbsp; 

Edit:

Well clearly some rule need to be written down, be it left or right. 

That being said I agree you should always walk against traffic on roads, but this is not what I was meaning.
Stop asking people when they're going to have children.
Have your money (or at least your wallet) out before you get to the checkout 
Your phone can take landscape video.   Use it
You do not slow down while on an on-ramp. You accelerate to the speed of the traffic you're merging with.

EDIT: This is by far my most popular comment now. Thanks! :)
Don't wear white to someone else's wedding! 
The zipper rule when merging
If there are 2-3 car lengths in front of a semi, bus, or other large vehicle on the highway there is **NOT** enough space for you to cut in. That is their minimum safe stopping distance and you wedging yourself in there can get you and possibly others KILLED.

Edit:

Not to mention they now need to slow down so they don't turn you into paste. Meaning you just slowed everybody else down asshole.

Edit 2:

No shit sherlocks, if traffic is going under 30 you don't need as much space to stop though I doubt you will see many vehicles leaving 2-3 car lengths at those speeds
Leave the bathroom no dirtier than you entered it.
Don't advertise a job and then change the terms in practice. I consider this fraud.
When wanting to post a comment on Reddit, at least read the top few comments on that thread, and up vote the comment that is what you were going to say instead of posting the same thing. 
If someone is wearing headphones, don't try to talk to them unless it's important. (Small talk is not important.)
Be nice to those who serve you (especially food). I can't believe that even with today's level of education we still can't be nice to those that give us a service. Just because you have to pay doesn't mean you can be an asshole.
"Please pass gas outside of the elevator"
Chew with your mouth closed! It's absolutely disgusting to hear the sound of smacking while trying to eat your own food.
Get to the back of the line/queue. Nobody's just hanging out here for the fun of it - the line/queue is there for a goddamned reason.
Your friends are there to help you move, not to help you pack.
 Don't fight fire with fire. Be smart, fight fire with water.  Or a fire extinguisher.  Especially if it's a small fire. 
Don't send dick pics to people without asking if they want them.
Are you getting passed on the right? Yes?  
  
Cool, get the fuck out of the passing lane.  
 
Edit - Thanks for the gold stranger!
You cannot have a horse on a plane
Don't park your damn grocery cart on one side of the aisle while you look at the items on the other side. You're blocking the whole aisle! What's wrong with you people?! And don't give me the stink eye when I move your cart so I can get by and continue shopping with the other civilized people in the store.
Don't judge a man by his flaccid penis size. Growth differs wildly. 
Vaccinations you get them. Your kids get them. No debate. No discussion. It's proven to work by billions not getting these horrible diseases anymore. You are not special. You are not helping, protecting or saving anyone with your selfish behaviour. 

Edit: Yes there are legitimate medical reasons not too vaccinate. A discredited quack's opinion piece to earn a quick buck is not one of them.
The Government also tells you not to take suicide vests into public areas. Your right to individual autonomy ends when you endanger the community you live in, regardless of whether you think your community is a bunch of big pharma loving sheeple-stooge-snowflakes. You are carrying a biological weapon on your person, without caring whether it harms your fellow citizen. All because of your personally held convictions, we have a word for that it starts with a 'T'. 
I can't believe how many little shits there are out there that walk three wide in a mall and when we approach from the other direction they stay three wide and expect us to get out of the way. 

When someone comes from the other direction stop fucking talking and get behind the person you are with.  Allow the other couple to pass and then move back next to your companion.

I'm 6'2" and my wife is 6' but because we're older most people expect us to be the polite ones and move out of the way so they can take up all the walking space.

I use to get behind my wife.  But now I stay next to her.  If someone doesn't move to their side, I let them bump into me. I let them be the ones to apologize.  Maybe they'll get the idea eventually.

Anecdotal references doesn't mean facts .. feelings cannot overwrite facts 

Just because your neighbors aunts brothers granddaughter got cured of cancer after drinking cannabis oil doesn't mean it's the cure for cancer which big pharmaceutical are hiding 
Window gets the view and something to lean on, middle seats get BOTH armrests, Aisle gets leg in aisle and access to bathroom privileges. Its easy, WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY!!
Don't microwave fish in the office microwave.
Your child is no more special than any other. Ring your neck in and realise your sprog is no saint
Please stop sneezing directly into your fucking hands. This unwritten rule needs to be written in bold, dark letters. 

Edit: I've never been so violenty harassed over reddit until this post. Just wanted to clarify that I only find it gross if you sneeze into your hands and then touch a door knob or something right after. Of course its okay to sneeze into your hands *if you wash your hands afterwards*. 
Westminster Parliamentary conventions. (Canada, U.K., etc.)

It's crazy the amount of stuff that's holding our democracy together by nothing but tradition. 

For example, my province (British Columbia) is about to have a low-key constitutional crisis in which our government will be either literally be unable to pass any new legislation, or break well over a century of unwritten convention by being forced to make a non-partisan role partisan. This is just after we almost had another crisis about the role of the 'governor general' and how they transfer power. 
Always leave a one-urinal buffer zone
Don't be an asshole
Leash your dog. It is perfectly legal for me to have a mean dog on a leash. I don't give a damn how cute and friendly your dog is, if it's off leash it may try to see my bad dog and my bad dog will get in trouble for snapping at your dog who barged up to it. 

I don't care how good your dog is. Leash it. I don't want a dog I don't know coming up to me. I don't know it's nice, I don't know if I'm gonna do something to set it off. You don't know if I was attacked by a dog as a child. Leash your dog. I might have a baby in my arms.
If you're going to treat the escalator as a resting stop instead of an enabler of ascending more quickly, stand to the goddamn right.

This goes for moving sidewalks (eg. in airports) as well.
Say thank you when someone opens the door for you.
Instead of dragging your entire family around the supermarket, why not just one of you go and then we can all get done shopping much faster because we don't have to negotiate three of four extra bored people.

*edit* I thought I'd get slated for this, thanks for the upvotes, I thought it was just me.
When there's a place where a line is needed, and more than one thing to line up for, form one line anyway.

i.e. a store with two cash registers that are next to each other. Don't form two lines, make one line and as a spot opens, the first in line goes there.


When you try things on in a fitting room at a store, hang them back up on the hanger! Leave them as found them  please dont just leave everything strewn about, inside out or on the floor! 
Do not watch an episode of [insert tv series name here] without your SO.
Hand sanitizer is NOT the same as washing your hands, and it never will be.
Nobody owes you sex. 
Never slide headfirst into first base.

Not only does it slow your momentum but there's an injury risk as well.
It's a sidewalk not a damn parking lot. A sidewalk signs doesn't exist but I guess now it should.
If you are walking around a corner, take it as wide as reasonable so the person coming the opposite way can see you. 
Tabloids/newspaper shouldn't be allowed to release private information of citizens.they shouldn't even be allowed to mention your name unless they got permission from you.
Like recently the hacker that took care of the worldwide virus was doxxed by tabloids he insisted to stay anonymous. Or hanfuckingsolo and cnnblackmail.

 A book i read about that topic

 "the lost honour of Katharina bloom"  



(I know some exceptions are criminals and people think ot would be justified to release a criminals information but cant we just keep this only for the  police this can cause some real reputation damage)
If you're the first one at an intersection (4 way stop), you go first. Don't fucking wave people to go
This one is huge...

When leaving my home, you don't hang out in the doorway and keep talking to me when you're making your exit.

I'm done with you at this point and just want you to fucking leave.
Close your damn mouth when you chew popcorn in the theatre
Some social media etiquette should be written into law - like posting spoilers or pictures of people without their approval.
Facts over feels.

EDIT: Thank you for the gold reddit stranger :)
Stop throwing your fucking cigarette butts on the ground 
If the checkout lane in the grocery store says ten items or less, it means ten not twenty or more.
Ironically, by posting unwritten rules to Reddit, they become written rules.
Don't ask questions you don't really want to know the answer to.
Same applies when waiting in a queue where there is no clear exit. Dont be a cunt and stand right behind me, or if its confidential dont stand right behind me as it looks like to me you are being a cunt and listening in
This reminds me. One time I was trying to cross a railway crossing, but after the train passed the gate on my side wouldn't open, whereas gate on opposing side opened but lights were red.

Me and the guy on the other end are confused, wondering whether there was another train coming. A few seconds later, he started driving slowly (i couldnt go cause the gate in front of me was closed).

It was at that moment when guy behind me has apparently understood the whole situation and he starts frantically honking his horn telling me to go. I just wait because there is nowhere to go.

But that guy wasnt having it. He drives up to the other lane, where the car from the other side was about to pass, blocking him from passing through. Now there were 2 cars stuck on the railway.

After everone gave him a "what the fuck are you even doing" Gesture through their windows, he realizes that hes the idiot and gets the fuck back behind me and waits until everyone from the other side passed so that I could drive past the gate.

Some people just become neanderthals behind the wheel.
Drive back into the space. Get out of your car and just diddle on the phone. As soon as they pass, get in and try again. 
My brother likes to put me on speakerphone and only tell me I was *after* I've cursed when his young son is in the room. He says this in an angry voice, like I'm supposed to be fucking telepathic. 
That's where you just stop talking to that person on the phone. Wtf honestly
Sounds like a real jerk of a "friend."
Similar - please also move over to the side of the sidewalk before you stop dead in your tracks to read something on your phone.  
Or in the market aisle
What I like to do to people who do this, especially if theyre distracted by checking their phone, is pass them on one side and lightly tap on their opposite shoulder. 
this wound is fresh
Yes! Anywhere in public.  I was having lunch in a quiet restaurant with a co-worker and her son called, so they loudly video chatted for a while and even tried to get me to join the conversation. People were staring and obviously annoyed. I didn't blame them a bit. How could anyone think that's okay?
Secondly, nobody wants to hear your fucking YouTube videos or music in a public place. Get headphones or turn on subtitles you fuck
My stepdad surprised my mom with a kitten for Christmas when I was four, but literally all he bought was the kitten. My mom then had to go out and get food, bowls, litter box, litter, toys, etc. We had her for 16 years and she became my shadow, it was just a poorly executed arrival.
My first wife's parents got my daughter three goldfish for her fifth birthday.  Just a plastic bag of fish.  No aquarium, food, gravel, nothing.  Then followed it up with "Daddy will have to get you the rest of it quick, because they'll die in the next hour or so if they stay in the bag!"

So I had to a) shit-can the rest of the birthday festivities while we jotted over to the pet shop to get the rest of the gear, and b) explain to my daughter the circle of life and why grandma would say such a horrible thing.

Dickheads.
A tip for people interested in gifting a pet to someone who wants one - buy a nice big gift basket and fill it with supplies for the animal they want - leash, collar, food, treats, toys, brushes, etc. - plus an envelope with enough cash to cover the adoption fee. If you don't want to give cash, call a local shelter and see if you can prepay on behalf of someone who wants to adopt - however, I'd suggest the cash in case in case none of the animals in that particular facility are suitable for the recipient. That way, they have an exciting present to unwrap on the special occasion and all the basics they need for when the pet comes home.

Lower effort option would be a pet store gift card + shelter adoption fee.

My mom kind of did this for me back when I was living at home during college and wanted a cat but she'd been on the fence about having one in her house. I got a case of Fancy Feast cans wrapped up under the tree with a note enclosed saying I could get a cat. I actually preferred it that way, because I really wanted to choose my own and make sure it was a good fit for me. I am 100% certain that she'd have gone for a tiny, sickly, skittish kitten who required more care than I had time to provide, because that's what she's done every time she's chosen a pet. I came home with a 16 pound, three year old tomcat who loves hugs and was strutting around like he owned the place within a couple of days.

EDIT to add: If this would be a first pet for a child, throw in a book about how to care for the animal they're getting. Read it together before going through with the adoption, and talk about who will be responsible for what.
My little girl wanted a puppy, I bought her those toy ones that are realistic as hell but don't poop or pee or anything. She got her fun out of petting it walking it and carrying it wherever she went..for all but 2 days. I heard whimpering in the closet one day and she left it in there upside down and the poor thing couldn't get back up. I had to take the batteries out because I knew the toy ran its course. I felt like a euthanized poor Jake :(

But at least I know its a responsibility I won't be left with completely had it been a real one. A pet should be a friend not a chore.
Not always true. It can be a surprise for your kids, but not an impulsive thing. The parents should prepare properly for it but surprise the kid by bringing it home. There's nothing inherently wrong with that
Read as "You don't give otters as a surprise" and the world was a sadder place momentarily
But I love it when people give me a major responsibility as a surprise! /s
Same with buses and trains. How the fuck don't people know this?
I'm teaching this to my three year old. The best bit is saying it loudly to her when other people are crowding around the doors. 
The fact that full grown adults still saunter into an occupied elevator right as the doors open and seem utterly bamboozled that people want to leave still kills my faith in society. 
Conversely if you are the one inside the elevator don't stand there waiting for several seconds after the door has completely opened staring at me until I figure "ok I guess they're not getting off here" and start to move into the elevator *then* walk out and act like I'm the one in your way and causing the problem, MIKE!
From wikipedia: "The United Kingdom does not have one specific constitutional document named as such. Instead, the so called constitution of the United Kingdom is a sum of laws and principles that make up the body politic of the UK. This is sometimes referred to as an "unwritten" or uncodified constitution"

Thank you, Bassflute! TIL
The seat? How about the fucking floor?

WHY IS THE FLOOR ALWAYS WET? WHO IS DOING THIS?

Gotta be Santa Claus. Only motherfucker who can hit every bar in a weekend. 
DEAR LADIES: SQUATTERS ARE THE REASON WE NEED TO SQUAT
Don't walk around in the summer time saying "how about this heat!". 
When using ANY restroom, don't piss all over the seat. If it's not intentional malice, I don't understand how it's so difficult to a) pick up the fucking seat and b) aim into the bowl. You've used your dick in a similar fashion before but if you can't reel that shit in, then sit the fuck down.

Edit: 'b)aim'.
Most places I have been to have a device in the carts where you need to put a coin, usually 1€, and when you put the cart back in its place you get the coin back.
I walk with a cane, and I still push my cart to the stall (or back to the store, often closer because handicap parking.) If I can take the extra twenty steps in pain, you have no excuse! And double hellfire on the able-bodied people who leave their carts in the handicap parking spaces!!
Or even worse, earning $7.25 per hour. 
$10 an hour? Lucky bastards.
Had a dude get upset because I had to send him over to seafood and had to keep my counter occupied. It was kinda busy that day. He shouted, "What am I supposed to do now? Wait?" Um...yes. Dude only for 60 seconds before he was taken care of. I came to him later and apologized. He stated, "You guys gotta figure something out." Ok?
Teach them the 5 minute rule! If it can't be fixed in five minutes, don't comment on it. Fixable items include a spill on their shirt, their zipper is down, something is in their teeth, etc. Non five minute fixes are things like hair, weight, acne, etc.
My family is terrible for this. "Oh you look really pale and tired today". Yeah no shit. I've just come off a 10 hour night shift and I haven't slept in 20 hours, so you'll excuse me if I don't look like Ryan Gosling under perfect lighting.
When they watch crappy videos from their facebook. Full volume...
Also don't have a conversation on speakerphone in the grocery store. The other day a woman tucked her phone under her tank strap and had a running conversation with other person on speakerphone.  And by the background noises (yeah it was that loud) the other person was doing something equally mundane that didn't require a phone conversation.  It was bizarre and very annoying.
THANK YOU
So many guys in college assumed the bartender was hitting on them when she was just doing her job.  Unless she flirts with you off the clock, it doesnt mean anything.
I don't assume anyone is flirting with me
When I was younger I had a friend who so did this. Every time a waitress or barmaid or cashier smiled at him he was convinced she was into him and trying to flirt with him.
Same rule in regards to strippers-had this conversation with a male friend of mine a couple of weeks ago. He was talking about how there was a stripper at a local club who 'blatantly' was flirting with him. I pointed out that that's kind of their job, as gently as I could. He insisted, and I asked if he's gotten her number and taken her out. Cue the fumbling reply about how he had decided not to pursue it because he was seeing someone at the time. Yup. Sure, buddy.
Same with strippers
Corollary - stand fucking sideways facing the oncoming luggage.  You take up less space and can depart the fix faster. 
My son was three or four when he learned this rule. We went to the circus, it was in the local fairgrounds livestock arena. I took him to the bathroom where he encountered his first trough urinal. He was taking his time, because something new, and a black guy walked in and started going pee also. 

I was against the back wall waiting for my kid to finish when he leaned forward, then blurted out, "Daddy! That man has a *BIG, BLACK* PEE PEE!" 

The guy started busting up laughing while I grabbed my boy by the ears and redirected his face forward. Had a quick lesson on the rules of looking at and talking to strangers while going potty after that.
Nor do you attempt to converse. 
You skip a urinal
Eyes on your own paper chief 
And don't lean on the god damn door open button so you can talk to your friend who just stepped off at a different floor. Let the damn thing go so I can get where I'm going or get the fuck off the elevator and talk to them there so I can get where I'm going. 

Basically fuck you the elevator is to get me where I'm going. (me being all of us who practice good elevator etiquette). 
My mother does this ALL the time when I try to show her stuff. It has gotten to the point where I just send her the image so that she doesn't get to touch my phone.
I don't have anything to hide but it still bugs me. I even have a buddy who will just pick up my phone and flip through my apps and stuff. Bothera me terribly.
It's so weird when people do this. Like what is going through your head to make you think that's ok? Like for the life of me I cannot fathom why people think that's ok.
I just keep all the "show someone" pictures in folders, so swiping won't easily escape. Any "don't show anyone" items are password protected in an entirely different album/app.
Just wanted to say that the theater near me has a cry room with a few seats in it for parents to take their babies/kids in. Never seen it before until recently.
This is especially important in the modern world. It's not 1982, it's not gonna take three years for it to come out on home video. The Beauty and the Beast remake left my theater the Thursday before it came out on DVD and Blu-Ray.
I have no problem with babies in movie theaters. But the second it starts to make noise you get your ass up and take it out of the theater. 
Unless you can literally see the baby coming out of her, you never ask.

Ever.
I've also learnt, do not ask the outcome of that pregnancy they had, last you saw them.  If they don't bring it up neither do you.
Interestingly enough, I noticed in London that most people tended to walk on the right side
Im an advocate for marked lanes in supermarkets. As well as break lights and turn signals on shopping carts. 
When they ask, just get super creepy about it.

"So, when are you guys going to start having kids?"

"Why do you want to know if I'm raw dogging my wife?"
Also, after a long campaign in favor of grandchildren, don't assume those kids were only made because of you.
I have two cousins both of them have had trouble with pregnancies.  They have both wanted to be moms for as long as I can remember.  One of them has had a miscarriage and a still born the other two miscarriages.  I've been with both of them at different times when an old friend ask if they are gonna have kids, the pain in there faces when they are asked breaks my heart.  But currently they are both pregnant both doing very well so far.  One of them is due this week and I am the babies God mother and I can not wait to meet little Huey. 
Or people trying to convince you otherwise when you tell them that you're not planning to have children at all. Stop it, it's my choice not yours. 
Absolutely. Best to hold eye contact, establish dominance and wordlessly make a baby for them.
And stop telling them to change their mind if they say they don't want kids. 
A good answer to this is, "Why do you ask?" There's no legitimate way to answer that question, which throws the awkwardness back to them. 
I have 2 boys, and get asked "when's number 3 coming?"

(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Stop telling people they'll change their mind! 


Fuck. I'm not 17. I'm pretty sure I don't want kids. There isn't even an inkling of wanting children. I don't hate kids, but I also am really glad to go home to my quiet apartment with 2 cats and 0 kids after hanging out with my nieces and nephew.
This happened probably once or twice a month in the year following my wedding. After the first 4-5 times, I just kept a straight face and flatly stated that "no, I had not yet been inseminated by my husband." Then while they stared at me in uncomfortable shock, I continued on with whatever pleasantries I would normally say with a smile. It clearly made people uncomfortable, which was the intended result of course.
Especially true at drive-up windows. You had to wait almost 5 minutes between ordering and getting to the payment window, and you're just now starting to dig for your money? What were you doing this whole time?
Most people will start recording in portrait and then flip to landscape, so the video is sideways
Most people want to take landscape shots but the phone is easier to hold in portrait. The solution is that there should be a landscape shooting option that you can enable without rotating your phone.
Actual written rule.  If anyone ever reads their state's driver's manuals.  It's even called an *acceleration lane*.
Came here to see if someone else had put this.

If someone could reasonably describe you as 'the person in the white dress', then that dress is not appropriate for a wedding.
When I was 15, I wore a white dress that had printed black flowers all over it to a wedding... Is that bad?
Unless it's an [emergency](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2017-01/13/15/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane-02/sub-buzz-5392-1484338455-6.png?downsize=715:*&output-format=auto&output-quality=auto).
Here in Germany this *is* a written rule (§7 StVO). And it even works most of the time. It wouldn't be efficient otherwise!
For people that don't know, the "zipper rule" means that cars alternate the order they enter the new lane from the intersecting lanes. 

It's sad that I feel I have to explain this
***unzips***
I see this all the time. A lot of people just don't account for stopping distance. They think if they aren't touching bumpers, it's ok. 
I know a few people going through drivers ed right now and the rule of thumb should be when passing a semi only get in front of them once you can see the entire truck in your rear view mirror so that they have a cushion and a little extra.
Same goes for reading
And nurses! Because nurse is the one that chooses how thick the needle will be.
This is incorrect. Elevator rides are boring. Forcing others to smell your flatulence while in a poorly ventilated and confined space is not boring. I find this delightful, even when the victim. 
100% I cant stand that noise
Trying to explain this to children is exhausting 
But don't put water on a grease fire!
Except wild fire, in large scale fire, fire is a very useful firefighting tool.
Actually fighting fire with fire is a legitimate tactic. Starting small controlled "back fires" is a good way of removing flammable material from an area and keeping the large, uncontrolled fire from spreading there.

So to be overly pedantic with the metaphor ^(('tis the Redditer way~!)^) ; it would would mean that you shouldn't be a complete asshole back to somebody that's being confrontational, you should be just enough of a prick to make them go away.
"Would like a pic of my dick?"

"No."

*sends dick pic*
One time, I was driving on the freeway and all three lanes were doing what they were supposed to. Right lane was going slowly, middle lane was going the speed limit, and people would enter the left lane to pass then leave it immediately after. It was truly magical. 
Thats the law in some states
Along with passing laws, that person that can't seem to decide if they want to go faster than you. If I'm crossing along a 2 lane interstate I keep cruiser control on and stay right except to pass. When the same person keeps impeding my ability to pass because they're passing me quite slowly or now suddenly I'm passing them on the right without having adjusted my speed... infuriating. Do it once, whatever. When I pass and repass the same person repeatedly in a hundred mile stretch of interstate without touching my cruiser control except to slow down when stuck behind them, I stop getting over to let them pass. 
Where does the FAA stand on snakes?
and don't leave it in the parking lot beside your car you lazy bastards

Can confirm; I am a grower, not a shower.
I had an ex who would not even offer a look at his flaccid penis because he was embarrassed. He was a 35 yr old man.
Pfft...my essential oils will help fend off lame small pox. 
 
tbh health insurance companies should require you to be vaccinated in order to use your insurance, but also provide those vaccines at a lower cost


edit: except for people who are allergic to the vaccine ofc
I read this as vacations at first and I was really confused as to how a trip to disneyland could prevent billions of people from getting horrible diseases
Corollary: An anecdote is better than zero supporting evidence.  Imagine Joe says there are no elk in Kansas, but doesn't support it with evidence. Tom says "but my neighbor just went to Kansas and saw an elk".  Tom's anecdote is a pretty weak argument, but it's still stronger than Joe's argument.

I see a lot of redditors attempt to take down an argument by crying "anecdote", but they don't back up their side with any evidence at all.
Nah. It's a war of passive aggression and it's gonna take the whole flight.
Jim Jefferies?
When I get window seat : Fuck, i might have to go to bathroom. 


When I get Aisle : Fuck, no view. 



When I get middle seat : Fu...... Don't even get me started. 
I once was on a seven hour flight from Hawaii back into the main US. A massive Hawaiian dude sat next to me. I'm talking big. Like the guy who sings somewhere over the rainbow. And that's all fine but he was being super obnoxious and purposely taking up a bunch of my space. So I did the only thing I know how to do. I asserted my dominance by continually letting out quiet farts that reeked because I had spicy shrimp that morning. After hour two of the flight came by the man got up and went somewhere else on the plane. I don't know where he went but I never saw him again. I slept in comfort for the rest of the flight.
...and especially not whatever the fuck kind of fish it is that smells like decomposing cat food.
My coworker heated up leftover crab soup and it smelled like a putrified mermaid's vagina for the next four days. Crab soup is no longer allowed. 
> **Please stop sneezing directly into your fucking hands.**


I've been working in the food industry for so long, I forget that some people think this is acceptable... DO THE VAMPIRE CAPE!
>low-key constitutional crisis in which our government will be either literally be unable to pass any new legislation, or break well over a century of unwritten convention by being forced to make a non-partisan role partisan.

No longer an issue when Christy Clark has resigned as leader of the Liberals Party and as a MLA giving up her seat and removing the stalemate. 
There was a funny comment once about an officer in the army walking in and exclaiming they "checkmated" him through this rule. I think they accidentally made this formation:

010010
Initially I read "one-urinal butter zone" and spent too much time trying to figure out what that might entail. 
Directions unclear.
Man I wish more people had this views, I'm on the other end of please leash your dog because my dog is tiny and can't defend himself. I live by a bike path that people always walk their dog on and I've had so many dogs just bolt towards me to play with my dog except my pupper is big dog chew toy sized and no matter how friendly your dog is, they might want to play with my dog a little too hard. People always act offended when I scoop my dog up in my arms, maybe try keeping your dog by you instead 

That and I'm sure there are plenty of people who are afraid of dogs and don't want to be ran at
YES. And don't stop at the top/bottom figuring out where to go. You had plenty of time standing there to decide and if you don't move no one else can either.
I know should be doing this everytime, but I usually have headphones in and haven't talked in a while so when I say thank you it comes out like a raspy duck dying of lung cancer. 
Does a polite nod work?
And open the next door for them, if applicable.
Or use your children to get things on your shopping list and make it even faster.
As a single father of seven, I graduated from this when I could start leaving my oldest home to babysit the younger ones.

I've graduated again now that I can just drop my oldest ones off at the store and make them do the shopping!

**Edit** Wow! Thank you guys for all the support.  You have made my day.
Only if the multiple things are the same though. My friend told me that in his uni canteen there's only one line for all different dishes, which doesn't work.
Oh you can watch it without me. But you're gonna have to sit through it a 2nd time with me. 
Same goes, it may taste like vodka, but it isn't.
What if you have coupons?
Conversely, you don't owe anyone sex.
In baseball or dating?
But always slide head first into the DM
The Minnesota goodbye.
Well fine! Jeez!
I have a co worker who does this. Soon as i hit the front door they start chatting. Like fuuuuuuuuck i want to go home
FUCKIN LINGERER
This rule is unheard of in Minnesota.
Had a family standing clise enough that their son was literally touching me as I was trying to punch my pin in. They thought it was rude, but I had to ask them to step back. I don't understand where these people get that this is okay.
I was in my car with it on, but still in Park with my foot off the brake at the parking garage. I was answering a time sensitive work email and this lady knocks on my window. She said "Um are you leaving? Because you're creating a line." Look in the rear view and realize she's 35ft away from her car talking to me, with at least 5 cars stuck behind her starting to honk. Yeah, I'M creating a line. I just got out and finished my email.  
Watch your language, dude. My son was reading over my shoulder for flip's sake.
Yup, I have a friend who has such terrible phone etiquette I don't pick up when he calls. I only talk to him through texts.

It wasn't until I met him that I realized there was even an improper way to have a phone call. 
And if you're crossing the street when you come across someone you know, one of you needs to turn the fuck around and follow them to the other side rather than stop and have a goddamn meeting in the crosswalk.
Similar - please also also move your shopping cart to one side of the aisle rather than stopping right in the middle and blocking grocery shoppers from both sides.


Oh for fucks sake, when people at the market are having a conversation in the middle of the aisle, blocking it, and they look up and fucking notice people will need to get through, but they just carry on with their conversation without making room.
you're supposed to slap the phone out of their hand and yell "too slow!"
His name is McRage though. 
Same goes for giving tech to your child, silence or headphones. I was once on a two hour train ride stuck next to the loudest family in the world but the worst offender was the toddler watching some shite on their ipad at full volume. I politely asked the parent if they could give them head phones, she told me where to shove it, so I went and told the conductor. She was made to move out of the carriage with her full rabble of children and I got her table seat. 
I'm glad that had a good ending, sometimes people get surprised with a pet but don't have the money/time etc to provide things like food or love 
When I was ten, a present under the tree was addressed to both me and my sister. We opened it, and inside were two little cat food bowls. That was my parents' way of telling us we would be getting kittens soon.

There had been much discussion about this happening already, so the present of food bowls was basically just the confirmation.
I've openly told people at length to let me out before trying to rush in.

"Hey let me out, let me out, this is not a dance!"
This tactic works well on so many things! 
Favorite way to instruct my kids. "See how those people ran into each other? That's why we wait for people to get out before we try to get on. If you crowd in, people on the elevator don't have any room to get off and they have to run you over. That's why it's polite to wait."

Then get on the elevator with the guy who heard the whole lecture and look at him pointedly. Fun for the whole family. 
I just don't care anymore. One of the most satisfying things I've ever done was mown someone down while disembarking a bus. Usually I'm a pushover but something just snapped that day. Some frat boy was shoving to get on the bus I was getting off, I was carrying a case of bottled water and used it to bump him off the step. He looked at me like I was crazy and I was just like "sorry bro, don't have time to accept your apology, goodnight"
Also try not to hide in the front corner corner by the control panel and then jump out around the corner to exit as this scares the shit out of me.
IIRC, something similiar happened with how English isn't an official language of the US or UK. Its implied that English is the official language as its used to write these documents, but it technically isn't written that it is in constitutional or similiar level documents.
Last week at the office, someone pooped on the floor of the bathroom. HOW DO YOU MISS!! Do people not sit when going #2? Also, who LEAVES poop on the floor of an office restroom?
What I don't get about this is why leave the toilet seat down if you are just going to hover over it? There's no need for a seat if you're not going to sit. 
You pee on the seat because you're squatting and you squat because somebody peed on the seat. It's a vicious cycle.

Edit: Stop yelling at me I'm a dude I don't squat over toilets
I'm an asshoooooeeoooooooeeooooeeooooooeoooole!
A corollary to that: if you accidentally piss on the seat, take some toilet paper and WIPE IT THE FUCK UP.
Or worse, expelled.
Min wage is going up to $14 an hour in January where I live. (Ontario, Canada)
I like this rule, it's a concise way to express something I've always done by gut
I like this! I'm going to teach this in my classroom
"Hey, just letting you know, you're still alive. Might wanna fix that."
Or when they're playing a video game with full volume. I don't wanna hear obnoxious, unpredictable power-up sound effects the entirety of my commute, thanks.
When they put weird toys videos or spiderman and elsa videos for their kids.. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGH
YOU ARE WELCOME!
I was out with male friends in an empty sports bar once, and our married miserable friend was relentless with the bartender, buying her shots (she poured soda for herself, charged him for both as liqueur and gave the other shot to our other friend) and loud whispering that she was so hooked and coming home with him (you know, where his wife and children were sleeping). She would just wink at me (the only other female) because she was making in tips what the other bartenders got in a week from the sleaze bag.


In fact, I assume they're not.
Yo, real talk. How can I like someone who likes me? Can't tolerate such low standards.
I feel bad for the dude
I had a guy I went to college with do this. We'd go grab a soda at the corner store during break. Chick down there would say hi, make some idle chit chat with us as we were regulars there. We'd get our shit bullshit for 30 seconds then leave.

AS SOON as we left the store, my bud leans over.

"Dude she wants me."

What?

"HOW COULD YOU NOT SEE IT?!"

The fuck are you talking about?

"She wants this dick man, did you see how she was talking to me?"

Yeah with idle chit chat? Cause she has to be nice to customers?

Not only that, but the teacher we had for our portfolio class listened to his life story about how he missed this interview, and that she shouldn't fail him for missing the test that counted as like 70% of our total grade. I sat there and listened to him talk about his time in the military and how he got really sick and had to leave and all this shit. Then when we left for the day he goes, yeah shes giving me a passing grade.

I told her about me and uh, she wants me.

"How do you figure?"

Dude it is SO obvious. She is into me man, this is so good.

Man I think you are just really horny all the time and want somebody to fuck. Not every girl that looks at you while you two are talking automatically wants your dick inside them. You need to chill.


**EDIT: Changed pop to soda. Didn't want that one guy having a heart attack.**
Strippers are actually flirting, bartenders and waitresses are usually just being nice. Doesn't mean any of them actually want you.
Or do the sensible thing, every body stand back and only approach the carousel when your luggage appears
But now you have a story to tell his prom date.
I'll bet that guy has told that story a hundred times.  
Lol glad the dude with the "big black pee pee" took the joke well
When I was about 11 I was peeing at my friends house - no lock on the bathroom door. His 5 year old sister wanders in mid-piss and loudly blurts "My daddy has a bigger willy than yours!". Ouch.
Unless you're making a good, old fashioned urinal joke like "ooh that water's cold" or "this must be where the dicks hang out." 

If you happen to notice that you and 2 or more other pissers unzip and unfurl at relatively the same moment you should say, "And the horses are out!" in your best racetrack announcer voice. This is to indicate that a race has begun, with the winner being the first to finish. 
And then I had the opposite happen coming in to work this morning. This mailman cut ahead of everyone waiting for the lift(not a big deal as there were only 3 of us) and then immediately started to press the close button as soon as he got in.

Had to block the doors with my hand so they didn't hit the girl in front(first person in line). Seriously what a douche.
Ditto, except for me it is my mother-in-law.  I hold the phone (quite firmly) if I have to show her a picture.  But she lacks boundaries at the best of times, so there's that.
I was scrolling through my phone to show my MIL a picture and she decided to stand right in front of me (she's much shorter than me) and I kept trying to move because I post a lot to gone wild and fetish sites and I didn't want her to see the most recent ones I took where her son has me helplessly tied up on the bed in a gag. 

It's like "sorry lady but I'm trying to protect your innocence here". 
Just give him a good stabbing next time. He'll probably stop after that.

Edit: Gold? For this? Hooray.
Passcode dude. Either use one, or change the one you have.
> I don't have anything to hide but it still bugs me.

Likewise. My girlfriend told me that if I had nothing to hide, I wouldn't be annoyed at her going through my phone.

It doesn't mean I'm guilty of anything, it just means that I like my privacy respected.
Basically, they're treating your phone's photo album like they would treat a physical photo album.

When you show people pictures in a photo album, you usually hand the whole thing over to them and there is an implicit invitation to go through the rest.  The people who go through photo rolls similarly view your handing over your phone to look at a picture as an invitation to view the rest as well.  

And so they swipe.

Solution: If you're going to show someone one photo, *hold on to your phone*.  That's the equivalent of you opening a page of a physical photo album and showing the photo. This forces them to ask for your permission if they want to view the rest, which a lot of people will not do unless they're *really* interested in your pictures.
Joke's on them - I have a photo of a really odd red spot that was in my eye and a series of photos of a giant incision as it healed if they go too far to the right or left. Happy hunting, fuckers!
Theater near me has one showing a week where they leave the lights slightly on and people can bring babies/toddlers and special needs older kids. Otherwise no kids under a certain age and if you are caught talking, on your phone, or disrupting the movie you are kicked out with no refund. Its fantastic. 
You also have the ability to watch a virtually unilumited number of movies at home at any time with a click of like 2 buttons.
What if I'm at her baby shower
What you do is ask if they have any children. Then, they will for sure mention a baby if they have one, and if they don't mention one, THEY'RE NOT PREGNANT
A coworker of my mine lost her baby at 35 weeks. She came back to work and a girl who hadn't heard asked her about her baby. It was probably the most uncomfortable exchange I've ever witnessed. She basically just froze and said "I'm okay right now" ..So sad..and made me definitely realize I will never make the mistake of asking
When we announced our pregnancy to my mother-in-law, she asked my wife...so when did you conceive?

Ummm, that's an odd question
"I've been giving your daughter cream pies every couple nights for a few months now." just doesn't have the same ring to it.  
We were on vacation and our mothers kept hounding us about going to make a baby so I finally just said "you can't make babies where I stick it"  grossed them out and they stopped.
Or be super morbid.
"We did.  They died."
"So, when are you guys going to start having kids?"

"Not in a while!" /whisper\ "She swallows"...


"heyyy honey, Jill is asking if we're gonna fuck tonight! What do you think?"
"We try, but unfortunately most of the time we just end up doing anal... yesterday I tried to switch when I felt that I was close, and tried to come in her vagina, but I ended up just cumming all over her back... What should I do?" 
The first year or two of my marriage my father-in-law always asked, "when are you going to make me a grandpa?" and one time I replied, "When your daughter finally lets us consummate the marriage." He never asked again.
This will be my mom.  If you ask her, she is responsible for every good thing in my life, but has warned me about everything negative.
Yup. My husband and I have 2 boys and are done. My MIL said she is sad we are done because she thought we'd try for a girl "for her".
This. This is so important for people to read. You don't know someone's story when you ask this question. What if we're infertile? What if we've been trying? What if a million other scenarios exist that are NONE of your business? Just ask me about my hobbies instead, and let me decide if I want to bring that subject up. So much easier.
This is a great point. My wife and I took a while to conceive both of our kids, the "when are you having a baby" questions were very upsetting because especially with our first we didn't know if it could happen.
 My wife and I had two miscarriages before our daughter was born and we almost lost her. I can't stand that question and whenever I hear it, I tell people why they shouldn't ask it. 
Or God-forbid you *want* kids, but are not willing to conceive until you're financially ready, even if that never happens.
"You'll LOVE having kids! It's so great! Every moment is a memory!"

"Don't you call and text me all the time to vent about the crazy and annoying shit your kids do? It's not very convincing"

"Every. Moment. A. Memory"
"My wife is barren but thanks for bringing it up" generally puts a stop to that real quick.
This has been very frustrating to me, as a woman with ovaries. I have endometriosis and polycystic ovaries, which the only "cure" is a hysterectomy. No one will perform it though because "what if you want kids! Your future!" There's enough kids in the world that I can adopt and foster, let me be pain free please. Apparently, though, I'm too young to make this choice, despite it being my body and something I've wanted (adopting/fostering) since childhood...
Yep, I have 2 myself but when people tell me they don't want to have kids I tell them it's not for everybody. Heck, some days I wonder why I did it. I'm hoping they mellow out after age 20.
My mother-in-law was always pestering us about this, until I told her "I ejaculate into your daughter as often as I can, I don't know what the issue is". She never brought it up again.  

Edit: we weren't trying to have kids at the time, we were only 21. Our son was born 9 months after my 30th birthday. 
You just haven't met the right person, you'll change your mind some day, kids are the future, you have no legacy otherwise, who will take care of you when you're older. Ding ding ding looks like we have a BINGO! (All in joke, I'm also childfree lol)
Gotta put that vagina to use, otherwise it's a sin-attractant. 
"Sorry, I didn't realise my vagina was a clown car?" 
The most sinful of all sins
It needs to be written on a sign before every acceleration lane.
Was just at a wedding where a 40-something woman had on a lacey white dress. I couldn't believe it! If it was a girl in her late teens/early twenties I could see her maybe not knowing this was a rule, but a 40 year-old? I was shocked. 
Not that bad. The black pattern made the dress not all white. The real problem is confusing distantly related guests and vendors as to who the real bride is. They would know you weren't the bride.

If in doubt, don't wear it.
Belgium too, you can get fined if you get caught not doing it properly.
I never knew there was a name for it.
If you're on a two lane highway, merge to the left lane to let merging traffic in! On a two lane highway, there's nowhere else for merging traffic to go but the right lane, but all other traffic has the left lane to go to. I personally always move to the left whenever I see cars about to merge onto the highway
The drive around everyone in the shoulder rule
They also assume that everyone has the same stopping distance.
You must live in paradise.   Here it is " if they aren't touching bumpers, there is too much space."
Same thing goes for getting *behind* a semi! Stay far enough back until *you* can see *their* mirrors. If you can't see them (their driver side mirror), they most definitely CANNOT see you. (this also means I'm trying to be visible to the semi truck driver, I AM NOT giving you space to cut in front of me and ride his ass, idiot.)
this isn't a thread for sharing your fetishes
Man one of my coworkers is mildly autistic or something of that nature, and eats hot dogs and burgers just COVERED in mustard like this. It for real makes my stomach turn, but I noticed that he doesn't understand this concept as more than a few people have pointed it out to him but he can't seem to get it right when chewing. Poor guy, it makes me feel like such a piece of shit but I get so aggravated with him.
There's a reason why water-based fire extinguishers have big warnings to not use them on certain fires.

Also, fun fact: While it's not fire, trying to extinguish the sun with water would just make it hotter.
Alternatively, don't put grease on a water fire. 
Came here to say just this.

If you pre-burn all the fuel ahead of a forest fire, it's got nowhere to go/no fuel left.
Or you should be self-deprecating and use all the insults they would use on yourself before they have the chance to?
I've noticed that the rule is followed better on rural stretches of major highways, whereas it's might as well be a myth in dense areas.
Two weeks ago I was stuck behind a woman doing 70 on an 80mph 2 lane interstate. There was a Semi she was keeping speed with on her right. Semi breaks to let her get out ahead, I haul ass up behind her and get in front of the semi as soon as I have enough room to pass her on the right in front of the semi. 

As I'm doing this, there's a cop on the shoulder I see while I'm merging back into the right lane in front of the semi. Pulls out, hits the lights. I'm cursing this woman with everything I've got. 

Cop hits the breaks and gets behind the slow woman in the passing lane and pulls her ass over for impeding traffic, even though I sped past her and the semi doing 90+. Justice boner to the max. 

Edit: 80MPH speed limit is in Utah on I-15. 

Brakes not breaks.
They're tired of those motherfuckers. 
There are dozens of us! DOZENS!
I meannn I understand the sentiment. I'm working with a light switch when flaccid. 
Does essential mean you HAVE to use them?
There are health insurances that make you pay extra for vaccination?
I once had a man lay down and rest his head on my leg on a long overnight international flight, then stretch his legs out into the aisle, tripping the stewardess as she walked by in the darkened cabin.  What the hell, people.
What about 2-4-2 arrangements, in the 4 block. Who gets the centre armrest? He never mentions this anywhere :/
#PLEASE STOP SNEEZING DIRECTLY INTO YOUR FUCKING HANDS.

That was a really clean and effective visual aid!
You've never churned urinal butter?
Bee stuck in asshole. Please help.
It's okay, we register that there was an attempt and that's just as good
Yes. In fact it's preferred. 
I once saw this as an example in a parenting book to stop children from misbehaving and just thought, wait other parents don't do this?
A lot of parents are terrified to let their children out of sight.
I'm sorry, but I gotta ask. Single father of seven? How the fuck did that happen?
But then you just get everything spoiled 20 seconds before it happens
If you slide in feet first to first base when dating, you might end up stealing third by accident.
Yes
Unfortunately, a Midnight Toker is *exactly* the type of person to linger in the doorway, continuing to share random thoughts as they occur to him/her.
Was a college roommate for me. Eventually I had to just start shutting the door to my room while she was talking with some sort of "gotta study now, talk later!" Once or twice, she literally kept talking through the door.
Good job asking them to step back
Well, she was only waiting for YOU to move, *she* wasn't going to let one of those people steal *her* parking space! You should give the spot to her already! She has things to do!

/sarcasm
Shit, im fucking sorry about that, im a total assbag sometimes. Fuck me right?!
Or if you’re in a supermarket. Don’t stop in the middle of the cross section. You know who you are
And when leaving the grocery store, don't stop in the middle of the exit to verify your receipt.
I work in retail and almost everyone does this. Walk in the door , stop and look like a lost child. Get to a narrow opening between aisles better walk side by side with my friend who also has a cart. People are dumb sometimes
And then you're like "could you please move?" And they act like *you're* rude 
This is the way to do it
I say nothing and just walk out, if I bash into someone then they shouldn't be there in the first place.
I'm begging for help!  I'm screaming for help!  Please come let me out!
"C'mon Tommy, one side of the sidewalk, let's share the space and not be dicks!" 
Especially passive aggressive arguments with my wife!
This is my level of pettiness. I like it. 
You're more than just dad jokes, you have stories with morals too. 
I'd imagine the same kinds of people who leave shit smeared all over the walls and the door of tbe bathroom. 
Not defending the practice, but if you're so concerned with germs that you hover, you probably won't be too keen on taking any chances by lifting the toilet seat. 
I don't understand the moment when the person who squatted is all finished, sees their piss all over the seat and thinks it's totally cool to just leave that mess. Like, grab some toilet paper, wipe up your mess, flush it, and wash your hands. Wash 'em twice if you want. 
A-SS-HO-LE! 

EVERYBODY! 

A-SS-HO-LE! 
How to move to canada
The true cost of public transportation 
And if they are, it is by mistake... Somehow...
Good life rule.
Eventually:

"Uhh, are you flirting with me?"

"We've been married for eight years and have two kids."

"Is that a yes?"
I feel bad for the waitresses he encountered. 
One major problem - that relies on everyone doing the right thing, a nearly impossible task. 
“Did you know my son likes BIG BLACK COCKS?”
"Hey baby, did I ever tell you about that time a three year old told me I had a big cock?"
It might not have gone so well if the kid said he had a small black pee pee. 
"My hands are getting tired you boys wanna take a turn?"
Nice penis. What is that, a size 7? 
Hey man that's a nice watch!
I have twice slapped someone's hand and loudly said "NO" when they did that. Act like a child, I'm gonna treat you like a child. 
My mother is incapable of being handed a phone without locking the screen or closing the app.
Ask her if she *really* wants to see bedroom pictures of her adult child and then stare her down until she stops flipping through your phone.
Excessive, yet effective, i like it.
Really stabbing does solve a lot of issues
Stabbing - the new way to communicate!
I have a friend that doesn't have a password of any kind on his phone and it boggles my mind.  Incriminating photos aside, there is *so much stuff* on there that people have access to once they've got your phone!  Your gmail alone, think of the amount of sites you can send "Reset your password" things to and then go nuts!

>Solution: If you're going to show someone one photo, *hold on to your phone*. 

And then they reach up and grab your phone out of your hands, because for some reason they can't see the image on the screen unless they're holding the phone in their hands. Now you're left with the awkward scenario where you end up playing tug of war with your phone.
Sounds like an Alamo
It's a great idea. They've started doing theatre (live theatre) performances like this in some places for people with special needs or autism. I once paid ridiculous money to take my mum to see Phantom of the Opera for her birthday, and this special needs adult kept screaming. Every ten minutes he'd just wail or screech. It ruined the whole thing, but those people and their carers ought to get a chance to go out too, and these performances allow them to do that without having to worry about annoying everyone else.
Assume nothing.
But what if you already know they have children?


"So Karen, have any kids?"
"You mean besides the ones I showed you last week?"
That's quite clever! I'll have to add it to my repertoire of finding out things on the sly!
"oh! Hiyah X, how's your baby doing? You still look a bit big, but it's worth it for that bundle of joy!"

"My babies dead, thanks for asking."

".........."
A woman, who was a little overweight, was out for 6 weeks with her new baby. When she returned, a man who knew why she was out but didn't know her very well, saw her in the hall and said "Congratulations! Looks like some of that baby weight is coming off." She informed him she had adopted and had never been pregnant.  Oopsie. 
That is a really weird question when you think about it. And wouldn't the answer obviously be "well I'm 3 months pregnant, so I'm going with 3 months ago...."

However you can also be super creepy so she regrets asking and never will again.

"We went to this bar a couple months ago, just got super fucking wasted. Went home and, I don't want to be crude, but Johnny here, was like "I'm gonna put a baby in you tonight." And he did."
My mom started a dinner table argument demanding to know if ours was planned. "Was it an accident? I need to know!" Everyone else went uncomfortably silent. I had to handle it by basically threatening to kick her out of my house if she didn't stop. It was bizarre. 
I told you not to leave the house without a jacket. 
Or you desperately want children, but it's not happening for you. Or you've recently had a miscarriage. You never know what's going on in someone's life! That's why "Do you have kids?" is acceptable, but "Why not?" or "When are you going to have them?" is not.
If you truly said that, you are an awesome person.  The balls on you must be huge!
"Dammit woman, I'm a doctor not a porn star! I'M GIVING HER ALL I GOT!"
I had a friend who's MIL pestered her about having kids (and they were like 24 and not yet married) and after being polite about it for years, she finally snapped and in front of family at a major holiday (I can't remember if it was Thanksgiving or Christmas) said something to the effect of "I'm sorry [MIL], I can't help it if he likes to cum in or on parts of me that can't make a baby. Maybe you should get him into some creampie porn if you want that so bad!"

The cat-butt-face from the MIL was awesome (from what I heard from several people) and she didn't get asked about it again for a few years. . .
They're just trying to learn.
Like every "slow traffic keep right" sign gets obeyed...
I was at a wedding last month.  And this 20 something girl was wearing a white dress.   I made comments to my fiancee about how terrible that is.

Turns out she was in the same sorority as my fiancee while in college, was always an attention seeker, and the white dress was ACTUALLY her wedding dress from her wedding in the winter.

Some people are just.... ?? ... ??  horrible

You lost this buddy:

>not
Because it's not written down
"merge in turn"

for the UK.
/r/askreddit is always a fetish thread, no matter what OP asked.
I'm gonna need an explanation on how extinguishing the sun with water makes it hotter.
If the traffic is dense then these rules fall out the window. There just isn't enough room in the lanes to merge and pass. Everyone is probably going under the limit as well.
That story is beautiful. I get pissed because slow drivers in the left lane are a HUGE issue where i live but i never see anyone get stopped. I'd have gone home and tugged it out twice thinking of that cop.
I too pitched a tent after reading your story, that's some sweet justice right there. I see this all the time and say to myself I wish these people would get pulled over and told that their doing something wrong and not being safe. 
But only on Monday to Friday planes.
I didn't see you at the convention this year
Mandatory oils
And you *let him*?
Alpha as fuck dude
#**HEADON! APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD!**
It was and illustrates the fact even numbers of urinals are inefficient with respect to buffer zones, you're effectively wasting an entire urinal...  
 
5 = 10101  
6 = 101001  
7 = 1010101

To make urinal cakes
I don't even have my own children but when I'm with other people's children I always give them challenges like "Get 3 apples" or something. How do people not think of this?
my parents wouldn't have trusted me to get the right thing. and rightfully so.
He had sex at least 7 times. 

Edit: I get it, it could be less with twins/triplets/Octomom who devoured one for strength to finish going through labor. 
From his post history:
>Having your wife, who you've been married to about 1/2 your life and have lots of kids with, cheat on you repeatedly and eventually abandon you and the kids. 

Also...
>Well, I'm[...]morbidly obese, poor, have a chronic pain desease, going on 3 decades of depression and have 7 full time kids from a previous relationship.

I seriously hope this guy and his kids are ok :(

Edit: I didn't expect this to get so big and I realized thanks to some concerned commenters that I should have reached out before posting this to make sure it's OK - I truly wasn't even thinking about the implications for him when I posted it early this morning, just I got worried that others might jump to conclusions about his kids so I just posted it. I messaged him with an apology and offered to take it down. He let me know I had permission to keep it up and that I should do so. This guy has truly gone through so much and I truly never meant to take advantage of him or anything like that. Trex005 is an amazing strong person, please shower him with the generosity he deserves.
"...And that's why I stabbed my boyfriend/girlfriend 37 times in the chest, your honor."
*watching the show*

*Interesting part is coming up*

Other: omg watch this


I've body checked a middle-aged asian tourist who was trying to get on a packed subway train before letting off the 30+ people getting out. I was maybe the first five or so out and she was trying to push her way through me. Nope, walked right through her as if she didn't exist.
I'm dying in a vat in the garaaaaage.
"See Tommy, this is why you stay on one side of the side walk. You don't want to be a fucking cock like the people in front of us"
Tommy, if you're ever anyone's wife, remember, don't be a bitch. 
That's what your shoe or toilet paper is for. 
I give them my optometrist's name.  He's pretty good at his job.
Hello sexy I am interested in you. Sexually.
"me too"
"Yes dear, you have a big cock...."
You have to assume the kid is comparing to his own, in which case, that'd be a devastating insult for any grown man.
I would only if it helped me win Techcrunch Disrupt
Nice penis, does it come in men's?
It's like they grow ten more fingers that just press everything. 
Or pressing the volume rocker and making the volume display block out the middle of the screen until you alert them to what they did (So confusing!! Ya hit the volume button!) and correct it.
I handed my dad my phone at one point, and he managed to not only quit the app, but he also got to the task manager, turned up the volume, and then turned off my phone.
Overkill is underrated my friend.
Sometimes that's the only way people get the point. 
My phone is linked with literally nothing and I still have a passcode!
This is my biggest problem. I fucking hate when people touch my phone or computer. The scenario you explained happened so many times. Just look at the fucking screen, do you have eyes on your fingers or what?
This is definitely an Alamo. We were super high while watching The Force Awakens and my buddy wouldn't stfu - he was warned, continued talking, and they threw him out.

So we left him in the lobby to wait until we were finished with the movie, as we had the car keys. 
Now I kind of want to throw a decoy baby shower for someone. When people ask when the due date is either get really offended about them calling the woman fat or just say, "we're not really sure, maybe never!"

Then you sell all the baby stuff you got and make a sweet profit.
You forgot the part about saying you made a video of it, and having it on a pornsite. Tell them to go watch, you need the ad revenue.

It will say a lot about them based on how they take this...
When you said super creepy my mind went somewhere so much darker. 
Actually, the funniest part is that my wife was due on her own birthday.  So, my mother-in-law could have just thought about when my wife was born and when they conceived and figured it out that way.

But no, she had to ask a really odd question.  My wife said, "Well, we're due on my birthday, so when did you and Dad conceive me?"
But, not quite big enough to knock up MIL's daughter
I did. We'd been married for less than 18 months at the time, and knew we were to young for kids. We did have kids once we were 30, when *we* were ready. 
That is AWFUL. Honestly if I was the maid of honor (or even bridesmaid) of that bride, I would have gone and had a talk with that girl and asked her to return with a different dress. Bitchy, I know, but wearing a wedding dress to someone else's wedding is equally crazy and insulting.
Unless he's making a joke about no one doing it right. 
Touche
Especially if there's no serious tag.
It gives it more hydrogen to fuse which generates heat
Slow drivers in the left lane actually cause more car accidents as well. 
That only includes monkey-fighting snakes on those Monday to Friday planes.
Of course not; didn't I just say I'm not a shower?
Had to, he established his dominance when he pissed on the drinks cart.
Fucking chad amiright
At work, we have two. *Two*. What the fuck is the point?
Yup, alternatively putting up an actual wall between them and not a piece of plywood that goes up to chest height
There's loads of factors. How old are the kids? Do you need something very specific? What brand? What type of apples?
It's not that people don't think about it. It just doesn't work for every kid.

Edit: a word
Now come on. Nobody has had sex SEVEN times
Not necessarily. Twins (and more) are very possible things. 
/u/trex005 is a real hero. I can't imagine the strength he must possess to give his kids a stable life despite all his hardships. I don't think I know anyone who could do what that man is doing.
"Understandable, you are free to go."
This is acceptable if said SO is playing on his/her phone when something good comes up. 
Highly unlikely to be Japanese, that's all I'm saying. I'm in Japan on vacation right now, and even as a Swede, let me tell you, I'm impressed. And that's saying something when it comes to queueing in orderly fashion. 
"No Tommy, we can't skip this long line because our friends are up there. We aren't a pack of filthy fuckin primates who don't consider those around us"
Yes but you have to walk with that shoe. 
shared interests are important in a relationship
But what if his kid had elephantiasis of the dick
Oh I think you come in men enough for all of us
Looks like a dick but smaller! 
Pretty sure it is just a warning stab.
I don't lock my phone, ama 
I can't stand it when my wife tries to show me a photo on her phone. She's holding an lcd at an angle with the brightness auto (dim) and I have shit vision. I need the brightness turned up, the phone screen straight on and close to my face. 
Alamo is great about that. I liked the Tuesday baby screenings while I was on paternity leave, because it was summer, too hot to be out with an infant, and he was going to sleep through 80% of the movie anyways. There's also just a rad solidarity when you're in a room with someone at their wit's end with a fussy baby, and pretty much everyone has been there before.

Conversely, I really enjoy the non-baby screenings. I didn't think I had much issue with talkers and late arrivals, but every time I see a movie elsewhere, now, I feel like there's a damn parade of people walking directly past me for the first 8 minutes.
Make some money, lose a bunch of friends. Sounds like a fair trade off.
NSFW: Reminds me of this 4chan...greentext....http://imgur.com/eUPOFxR
Mine went so far to the dark side it's now basically a Sith Lord.
"I'm actually barren, so the ritual cost us quite a bit for the ceremonial knife, a goat, and all those candles. I've always wanted to name my son Damien though."
A little classier than, "It might be a coincidence, but I think it was around the same time that NameIdeas blew his load inside me."
Same. This falls into the "enforcer" clause of the bridesmaid/best man unwritten contract.
Isn't the maid of honour/bridesmaid supposed to "accidentally" spill red wine all over that person?
You may enjoy this story about someone's mother-in-law showing up to their wedding in a white dress: https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/53og0c/the_pink_stained_dress_aka_the_time_this/
Is that why it gets hotter after it's rained? Because it's rained on the Sun?
So the scene in Spiderman 2, where Dr. Octavious's fusion reactor falls into the Hudson Bay (?) and is extinguised,  is wrong? 
this guy!
The chest-height divider shields junk from view, consistently. I don't see a problem with it. If someone tries to look over it, they have to lean in, and you can headbutt them in the nose, or give them a withering glare and shield yourself, as God intended.
Will they come back with 5 boxes of cookies?
YEP! 

My kids are great. But also wild. Naturally wild and while I loathe taming them it is something that needs to be done because we aren't going to run around disrespecting people. I tried letting them get groceries but they don't give two hoots what they grab. 3 apples? Show up with and orange and a pear. Why do you have those? I don't like apples! Well we were gonna get oranges later. No I want these oranges. Oh shit those aren't even oranges they are grapefruits. We can't use those buddy. BUT I LOVE THEM I PICKED THEM FOR YOU MOMMY! Don't you like my gift? *you manipulative fuck* ok we can keep them this time but not next time. 

And that's the story of how I learned to bruelee grapefruits and not let my kids get groceries. 
On this topic, don't fucking play with your phone when watching shit with your SO. Especially if it was your damn idea in the first place.

"What happened?"

"Fuck you. Ask Facebook."
Yeah, it's the little old Chinese ladies that dgaf and get on trains before letting people off. They're ruthless
"That's right, Tommy, we're going to put our cigarette butts in the nearest waste receptacle because we were blessed with SOME FUCKING CONSIDERATION FOR OUR FELLOW HUMANS, unlike that poor soul."
Gross
Sometimes I watch from a chair, or the closet. Always dressed as Superman 
then I doubt he's flopping it out in a circus bathroom. 
I think you'd better come in my.... I mean... You better come, uh --
that's how my parents are. 

"Here read this while I angle it perfectly at the sun! What's the matter you can't read it because the glare is burning out your retinas?"
Seriously, the baby day shows saved my sanity when I was climbing the walls at home with a baby and August in Texas made it impossible to be outside.  I got out of the house, saw a new movie, and felt halfway human for a little while, with the kid sleeping on my chest the whole movie.
I mean, what's the point of relationships if you can't trade them in for goods and services? I'm a simple capitalist. /s
Does anyone have a link to that conception video?
A. Sith. Lord? 
Is that the one where you "accidentally" spill red wine on the offending party's dress? 
I was a groomsman in a wedding where the bride's ex showed up at the reception, and attempted to dance with the bride. Suffice to say he left the hard way and got to kiss the door goodbye on his way to a parking lot ass-kicking. 
Yup there is a bolded clause in the girl code under the wedding sub heading, its right after the line about distracting bitchy mothers/mothers-in-law from making the day about them.
Yes
/r/shittyaskscience
Doc Ock's entire deal in that movie was pretty ridiculous. His arms were badass, but everything surrounding them makes no sense. Forget the reactor, why isn't he winning a Nobel prize for inventing these insanely useful prosthetic arms? Why didn't he build any kind of shield around his sun (perhaps out of the same material as his arms), instead of having to use robot limbs to stand there and maintain it? And was he planning on just standing there forever doing that?

I love Ock but nothing about him makes sense in that movie.
just let the kid eat a grapefruit, especially if they think it's an orange.
To be fair, old Chinese ladies are ruthless anyways regardless of whether they're boarding a train or not
Same shit with our condoms, Tommy.
A guy at my work  kicks the urinal flusher so as not to touch it, then doesnt wash his hands and then opens the door. The door is probably more dirty than the unirnal flusher after you kick it and then someone else touches it. 
Good point, I guess you probably want to avoid being kidnapped by a clown and sold into circus slavery..unless you're into that kind of thing
You don't make it out of the Cultural Revolution unless you've kicked a few of your beloved former teachers' heads in.
I never understood the reasoning behind not washing your hands. It takes a few seconds, and it cleans your hands of most of whatever's been accumulating on them throughout day, not just in the bathroom. 
What unwritten rules should really just be written down at this point?

Auto-accidents are the 2nd leading cause of death amongst young adults. 

Nobody particularly worries about getting in a car everyday. 
Water (rivers, lakes oceans, etc).

One wrong move and you're a goner. Nature doesn't give a fuck about you.
sidewalks.  you're not 5 feet from objects weighing tons that are going at incredible speeds.  If one thing went wrong you'd be horrible maimed or most likely killed. 
A single push on a subway station and you are dead.

Yet all these dumbfucks standing so close to the edge.

If someone trips and falls into you on the edge we are talking one dead and the other traumatized for life.

Don't even get me started on people who stand so close with their kids.
Dogs. My German Shepherd could easily rip my throat out whenever but he would rather bark at nothing all damn night. 
Household cleaning products. I've heard quite a few stories of people who mixed several cleaning products together so as to "maximize cleaning power", only to be seriously injured or even killed by the resulting fumes.
Vending machines. They kill more Americans every year than sharks and lions combined.

That's why, if you ever see a vending machine out in the wild, you have to strike first. The best defense is a good offense. Shake that fucked until he falls over and can't hurt you anymore.
The Great Lakes. For some reason a lot of drowning deaths have occurred in Lake Michigan and Lake Superior. Just because they're "lakes" doesn't mean you should be treating them differently than oceans. Lake Superior and Michigan are both big enough to have most of the characteristics of oceans, like rip currents and big waves 
Anything with Electricity. Most household appliances secretly want to kill you
Hippos kill more people than lions because people are afraid of lions and think hippos are fat and slow. So, hippos.
Wild animals.  A lot of idiots will approach bears, alligators, etc. wanting to feed them, so unfortunately they get too used to humans and their natural fear of them is diminished.

The next unfortunate sap who comes along and either won't feed the animal or thinks they know better not to will get attacked by this hungry, begging animal that's grown to expect it.

Never, ever feed wild animals.
Ice.
Emotionally unstable or immature partners.
I have a 250 gallon propane tank sitting less than 30 feet from my house.  They're common here; some of the larger homes have 500's.  

Fortunately, they rarely blow up, since a BLEVE (boiling liquid expanding vapor explosion) is some scary shit.    Plus, the tank endcaps are supposed to blow out first and they align the tanks so the caps are parallel to the wall of your house.
I remember sitting on those green electrical transformers as a kid until I heard about one exploding 
Humans 
Stairs, one misstep and you can break your neck
The kitchen.

Think about it - it's an absolute warzone:

* Countless razor-sharp knives that lull you in a false sense of security before slipping from your hands and making a jump for either your fingers, your foot, your dog, or your heart.
* Open flames everywhere.
* An oven that fires micro waves (wake up sheeple).
* Even a spoon that is used to eat soup patiently bides its time waiting to gouge your eyes out.

Be careful out there, boys.
Buckets. 

You'd be surprised how many infants/children die from buckets. A bucket with 3 inches of liquid in it is like a death trap for them. They fall in headfirst and can't knock the bucket over so they drown. It was such a big deal that all companies that make them now have to have a disclaimer on the side just for this reason. 

I would've never guessed it until I saw the statistics firsthand in my forensic pathology class. There's a lot of interesting ways people die from random shit. 
showers/tubs
The highway.
If you live in Brazil, [caterpillars can kill you.](http://www.sciencemag.org/news/1996/10/killer-brazilian-caterpillars) These caterpillars, called [Lonomia Obliqua](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lonomia_obliqua), are responsible for several deaths in Brazil due to their poisonous quills that stop your blood from clotting.
Escalators 
Weird one. The sofa.
Millions of people die from obesity related conditions, people who avoid regular exercise are putting themselves in a lot of danger
Cars. Have fun moving this giant hunk of metal around at unnatural speeds
Trains. As someone working in the railroad industry, I have seen catastrophic crossing accidents and derailments. Just because you've never seen a train come off the tracks doesn't mean it won't happen right by you. It is very unlikely, but I never stand near crossings or tracks when they are going by. And the amount of people trying to beat trains at crossings to save 5 minutes is truly baffling. DONT DO IT!
Bison and Buffalo. People go to national parks thinking it's like a zoo where they can take selfies near the animals. 
Something most people never think of,  sand:   

http://www.delmarvanow.com/story/news/local/maryland/2017/08/02/after-womens-death-beach-ocean-city-beach-patrol-warns-dangers-holes-sand/533415001/
cars
Sitting at the edge of a cliff.  I mean it can't be 100% safe right?
ITT: Reasons to never go outside 
Electricity, electric outlets. Just as that girl who electrocuted herself by charging her iPhone while in the bath proved.
Trees are actually extremely dangerous if you consider falling branches, dead/hollowed out trunks, and simply how solid they are if you crash your car into them. 
Garage doors and the springs that make them work.
Paper, I always fucking cut myself with that shit
Older buildings.

Last weekend a 1500 lbs. piece of granite fell off of a 100+ year old building and smashed onto the sidewalk 20 stories below. I walk thought the impact zone at least four times a day.
Cars. They're fucking insane! They are literally propelled by setting gasoline on FIRE. That's a Molotov cocktail on wheels! 
Cars/roads

Nearly 1.3 million people die in road crashes each year, on average 3,287 deaths a day.
Redheads.
Dihydrogen monoxide is a huge killer. People ingest it every day, but unless you inhale it or get too much in you, you'll be fine.
Subway platforms freak me out.  
Any major city downtown after dark
Fake friends
Anywhere you swim or fish is probably filled with pollutants.
The refrigerator.....it will make you fat AF.
The hospital,
I have heard of many people dying there.

Train tracks.
[deleted]
Well, in the kitchen, knives. If you're not paying attention, you could cut a finger off while chopping vegetables, or accidentally knock it off a counter and it falls on your foot. People happily use knives in the kitchen all the time, despite how much damage you can accidentally do to someone with one.
Fast food. 
A lego brick
My plate when I'm eating... Don't touch my food, I will kill you.
The garage door. Probably the largest moving part in/on your house, and the tension the spring is under is storing enough energy to smash your skull without even slowing down. Don't fuck with a garage door.
Water heaters.  After I watched the Mythbuster episode where they were able to launch a water heater hundereds of feet into the air, I've had crazy respect for them.  I understand to do what they did you have to disable 1/2 a dozen safety features but the sheer force and power is crazy. 
Cars: Around 40,000 people are killed each year in automobiles. 

Even worse are hospitals; anywhere between 98,000 die each year from medical errors. Other studies put that figure much higher.
Definitely cars 
Relationships
Anywhere at all when wearing rings on your fingers.
Marriage
Dogs that you don't know.  People love to shove their face right next to a dogs face, without having any idea how it will react.  
Suicidal thoughts
A single yellow line and some societal standards are the only things between you and a fiery death
This. People that don't wear seatbelts "I'm a good driver!" Sure. I have confidence in you, not in that other dbag that's texting and eating and driving. 

Seatbelts save lives. I've seen it first hand. 
HA jokes on you, I hate being in the car and worry about it constantly.
I worked a job in college that involved reading all the state's fatality reports for the year and funneling data into a SS so they could see what needed attention.  10/10 cars are terrifying and you will not catch me on a motorcycle, ever.
Unless there's absolutely no choice, don't ever stop your car on the shoulder of a highway and get out of it.  This is an excellent way to get yourself killed.
Oh, God! I'm in a car right now!
I do, because of the cause of your aforementioned thing.  

People are fucking idiots - they get into a box that's 3000LBS of steel pushed by 90-600HP of gas engine, and then they stare at their phone, put on their makeup, play with the stereo, play with the climate control, argue with their spouses, fight with their kids, all while doing 10mph over the limit, plaing chicken with the divider wall at on/off ramps, scurrying in and out of lanes like a coked up scared little kitten.  I witness it every day, it's called I-405 in WA.

Meanwhile, I've bore witness to about 4 wrecks (probably more) in the last year where someone lost life or limb because of this shit, and not a day goes by there is NOT a car wreck there, but nobody makes an effort to change, because nobody really gives a shit.  Everyone thinks their the best fucking driver in the goddamn world, and it does not help that our departments of transportation are fucking useless.  DOT?  Department of Transportation"  More like Department of Toe tags!  I swear, they put up a bloody detour you have a better chance of finding Alice in Wonderland than your fucking destination.  And then there's those relatively new pay-toll lanes and their double-white-line dividers everywhere but 1/10th of the trip, and people have to almost cause an accident just to stay legal.

Honestly, the car, and the developments relating to are a real case for wiping out humanity.
Wait then what's #1?
Self-driving cars can't go mainstream fast enough.
I will now, fs.
Because young adults are essential immortal/don't usually get any of the bad health issues at that age. That's saying more of how healthy that demographic is instead of how dangerous cars are.
It's crazy how some people are obviously reckless when they drive. 

Makes you question whether they're a good person or not. 

Just think about it..... Most Westernized people are aware that auto accidents happen... Yet they speed, cut people off, go in and out... If you are aware of the potential (of killing a person, a baby, etc.) yet drive reckless, doesn't that, in theory, make you a very shitty person? 
People should be shown pictures of the grisly aftermath of a bad auto accident when they first receive their license. A person can go from normal to pavement sauce in mere seconds at highway speeds. 
My cousin got rear-ended by a drunk driver while wear her seatbelt, got thrown into traffic and now years later is still not fully recovered. 

That fucked me up the most because there was nothing she could've done to prevent it 
I have been in ~15 motor vehicle accidents. When you mount a vehicle, you need to understand the responsibility  you have.
I always find it funny that whenever we hear stories of rollercoasters malfunctioning and riders getting injured, there're always people that are like "This is why I don't ride rollercoasters", or "I'm never going on that ride again", when in reality that chances of getting injured on a rollercoaster are 1 in 24 *million.*

The same people usually don't bat an eye if someone were to tell them, "There've been 10 accidents in the past month alone at the intersection near your house that pass through everyday, 4 of which have had fatal outcomes."
The deep ocean is like my second worst fear ever. 
I live near a big river with powerful currents. It looks so tame on the surface but people get sucked under and drown pretty often. 
Especially those river intake trough things.
A family friend just passed away from a freak body surfing accident over the weekend. The ocean is an unforgiving monster. 
When I was a kid, my cousin who was a college student took us to the potomac river by cabin john and we all played knee deep in the water. Me and my brother can't swim but we didn't know shit. looking back, we could have died very easily if there was a tide/surge. There are quite a number of people, even experienced swimmers, that have drown in the potomac annually.
The big ones are easier to be cautious about, but people always forget about the little ones, like that drainage ditch beside the housing complex that has a trickle of water, except for those hours after a storm cell passed by a kilometre away. You may not have gotten the rain, but you may get the run-off, and a trickle of water the neighborhood kids play in can be a deadly thing when it's running deceptively deep and strong.
Or worse, expelled
The one that *really* freaks me out is similar- standing on a minor station's train platform when an express train speeds through without stopping.  The force of air alone you feel just a few feet away always reminds me how close you are to something super deadly.
This is a big reason to walk/run on the left side of the road, whether you are on the road or sidewalk. You can see what's coming and have a better chance at getting out of the way if necessary. Always run toward the traffic, not with it. 
A girl in my city was walking on the sidewalk with a friend and tripped into the street right as a semi truck was coming. She died. I can't imagine what that was like for the friend.
Yeah but that 6-inch high concrete curb will save you for sure
Yet, somehow, they feel so safe...
For some reason a sidewalk that runs right along the curb always freaks me out more than one with the three-foot strip of grass between them.
Or even front yards for that matter. A friend of mine was watching her 5 year old run and play in the front yard. Next thing she knew there was a car where her kid had been. :(
>sidewalks.  you're not 5 feet from objects weighing tons that are going at incredible speeds.

Oh that's good, I was worried for a second.
This is what I was coming here to post. I've always thought that if I had an articulated truck coming in my general direction at 40mph down a huge runway, and someone asked me to stand within a couple of feet of it going by, there's no way I'd entertain it.
especially the people looking at their phones and not being aware of their surroundings.
> Yet all these dumbfucks standing so close to the edge.

Gotta save that 3 seconds of walking once the train pulls up. Super imperative. You need to be right there when the doors open so no one can get off and you can push past them to squeeze in. So much more efficient than acting like a human fucking being.
That's one of my biggest fears during my commute. Anyone who was angry at something before the subway, someone who's not stable, HELL I COULD LOOK LIKE AN EX GF AND BAM!! pushed infront of a train.

RIP Zoe Barns
What about people standing to close with their kids?
Doesn't have to be on purpose. Doesn't even have to involve anyone else. Stare at your phone, take a wrong step/dont realise how close the platform is/fail to mind the gap and you're gone
My trick is to go to the very front of very end of the train/tube. Not only is it the least likely place for someone to commit a terrorist act; but it is also the quietest sections of the train.

Usually there is no need to stand close to the doors as people are to *lazy* to walk the additional 1-2 mins.
He is not barking at nothing. Do not be alarmed. Containment protocols have proven effective.
And keep your little dogs on leash. Don't count on the Shepard/Rottie owner to keep his 100 lb leashed dog from eating yours when it comes in for a sniff unannounced.

Dangerous for both dogs.
Mine is such a pansy bitch. I can pretend that the vacuum is killing me and all he does is bark at it and get close, but the moment I wiggle it he runs into the living room and hides behind the chair barking.

Then when I put it away I go to him and say..You told that thing what for huh? He just comes over and rolls over onto my legs expecting belly rubs. Like he had a reward coming for a job well done.

God forbid somebody actually tries coming into my house to strangle me, my dogs just going to sit there wanting treats and a belly rub like the dork he is.

On the flip side he *hates* lawnmowers. He actually grabs one of the wheels of the push mower and drags it halfway across the yard before dropping it only to bark at it some more.

I have no fucking clue why. I just wheeled it around the corner once to put gas in it, so it wasnt even on, and my dog happened to be outside and seen it and just went ballistic. Barked at it. Growled at it. I tried pushing it to the front porch and he grabbed it and dragged it off.

I..I dont even know. I guess if somebody breaks in to strangle me I'd be fucked unless hes carrying a lawnmower with him.
In my experience, pretty much any dog you encounter outside of the super poor parts of town are going to be indifferent towards unfamiliar humans at worst.
Mixing ammonia and bleach will kill you 
Same with pool chemicals. I heard about a lady that wanted to save time by mixing everything together in a bucket and she ended up having to remodel her kitchen because of the resulting explosion
There was a guy on reddit that posted in /r/tifu that did something like this for a cooling unit in his house a few months back. When he got the first tingles inside of his nose, he realized he'd accidentally turned his home into a gas chamber and got the wife and their (newborn?) baby out while he ran around holding his breath and opening windows.
Then tear out and eat it's insides
> They kill more Americans every year than sharks and lions combined.

I'm doing my part to fix this! And by that I mean that I train sharks and lions to kill more people.
Combining sharks and lions, you say... 
> They kill more Americans every year than sharks and lions combined

This is probably helped by the fact that neither lions nor sharks are generally found in America. 
This is the first thing I thought of when I read your comment. https://youtu.be/suNzfi4JXZc
I wish I had read this earlier. I've been curled up playing dead on the breakroom floor in front of the Coke machine all day.
> Shake that fucked until he falls over

that's your first mistake.  they have a square base - if it falls over, there's a 25% chance it will fall on *you*.
I don't know man, I've lost a lot of buddies to home armed lion robbery.
Remember, there is no such thing as a tame vending machine. 
I actually think their best offense is a good defense. They usually just counter attack. It's rare you'll see an aggro vendo. 
captain murphy would tell you otherwise. 
A sharklion would be awesome! 
be sure to crack open its see through underbelly to get at the sweet intestines 
Hey be nice them, they might be full of kids https://youtu.be/WXE8miLZwyM
I bet a lot of things kill more Americans than lions.......
Those incidents aren't really "Vending Machines killing people"

Those are "People committing suicide unintentionally" 
This reminded me of "Mike Shadow: I paid for it!" flash game
I believe the best strategy for taking down a vending machine is to stand in front of it and shake it back and forth.
The best defense is to avoid confrontation. Do not be tempted by that ice cool cola or glowing Snickers bar. Run RUN for your life! 
Finally. Statistics I can use that apply to my life!
Not to mention they tend to stay pretty cold all year long, people don't realize they can still get hypothermia in August. That Lake is still cold!
The Great Lakes are effectively inland freshwater seas. Lake Michigan's death toll is high enough that there are songs about it, ffs.
I grew up near the Rouge River which dumps into the Detroit river...the area where the two rivers meet is *heavily* industrialized and there's a lot of freighter traffic.  The Rouge River near where I grew up is rather small and calm...and my Dad had a rowboat with a tiny motor on it.  We decided to take it on the Rouge River and see how far we could go before we hit the end of it.

In retrospect I'm not entirely sure how legal this was, but we kept motoring down the river passing under I-94...which by the way is a remarkably tall bridge from the river's perspective.  I was maybe 10 or 11 at the time and I started to get a little nervous at this point, but my dad kept going.  Right before the mouth of the river, the rouge was artificially widened so freighters could turn around...and when I say wide I mean all of a sudden we were in what felt like a huge lake (I just looked it up and the river doesn't get *that* wide but to 10 year old me it was terrifying).  And here comes a freighter heading in our direction...keep in mind we're in a tiny ass rowboat.  Finally my dad turns around and we head back up the river, but Jesus Christ I was never so afraid of big boats and big water as I was when that freighter appeared.

Edit: clarity

Murder isn't the only thing they'll be charged with
You think that's bad now, wait until some idiot decides they'll all work better when they're connected to the internet.
Honestly they really aren't that dangerous. Don't be an idiot, then basically all modern appliances are safe. 
I work in HVAC controls. I zapped myself with 277V yesterday because a hot wire was loose and had shorted to the metal casing. I brushed it with my hand and was rewarded with a full body spasm that knocked the safety glasses off my face. I was on a ladder and was lucky it didn't make me fall. 
Completely disagree on that one. It is very difficult to touch a strong enough househould power source to shock you, let alone kill you.  
This thread is reactive 
I remember when I was a young child, my grandparents' old TV stopped working and they gave it to my dad.  He was taking it apart in the basement - not sure if he was trying to fix it or what - and I was watching, pointing at various components and asking "What's that?"

"What's that?" I eventually asked, shoving my tiny finger close to something large and cylindrical.  I was surprised when, instead of answering right away, dad yelped and snatched my hand back.

"That is a capacitor.  Never, *ever* touch one of those."
Not really. There exist third parties like CE, ETL, UL etc that make sure products you buy meet stringent safety standards. Also that fat bottom prong on the electrical cord is the ground, which ensures that a stray Voltage will not choose you as the first place to go.;
Maximum Overdrive?
pfft. cellphones are the energetic equivalent of a large portion of a stick of dynamite. lithium batteries are crazy. 
I worked as an electricians assistant for a summer, and most household items are enough to shock you and have you feel it, but not to kill you. Checkmate, atheists.
And make you toast.
If youve seen my electric kettle, you'd know it's not that big of a secret
Careful with that it's full of lightning. 
I think of this whenever I walk the dogs and look up at the powerlines. good thing they are sturdy, but I still get nervous around them if its really windy and I see them and the branches around them swaying.
My toaster is quite upfront about it.
goddamn decepticons 
There's a german rocksong called ["Dusche"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHQl3VTrmkM) (shower) covering a household, which rebels against the owner. The shower is his only friend and the only place where he is save.
Circuit breaker is your friend.
Hippos are also more aggressive than lions, which act a lot like giant house cats.
Mountain lions and cougars will make a sound that seems like a blood curdling scream from a human woman. Nature is terrifying. 
Even domestic horses are super dangerous.
Just watched a lady get a few inches away from a bull bison at Yellowstone. If she hadn't suddenly realize she was in danger and backed away he would have have taken her out. Saw another idiot walking next to a bison taking at selfie video.  If an animal shows aggression towards humans, the park service has to kill it.  Bears in Yellowstone are killed every year because of stupid tourists. 
Yeah seeing idiots approaching buffalo in parks is just crazy to me. Here in PA we have some elk that people go see and they're pretty used to people but you see tourists just walking up to try to pet them. Crazy...
Even domesticated animals can be vicious, especially if they are not yours.
My husband and I live near Yellowstone. A tourist dad tried to put their toddler on a moose... What great picture that would have been. 😑 I doubt I will ever see a human move as fast as the park ranger trying to stop the dad. 
Ice. 
5 Simple Words:

Don't put it in crazy.
Seriously this is scary. I'm a small female and my boyfriend and I wrestle sometimes and it's almost terrifying how weak I am compared to him. It's not really about him, though. Just knowing how easily I can be overpowered is unsettling. 
The scary ones are the ones who hide their emotional instability until after you're committed.
We have a propane tank for our cabin, vertical style. Came back one spring about 12 years ago to find a blast zone and no propane tank. As best we can guess someone shot it while hunting over the winter (based on the fact we've found bullet holes in various things over the years, including a few in our aluminum skiff). The cylinder was thankfully about 125' from the cabin, down a small hill  and behind a number of decent sized trees. No damage to the cabin, but the blast area convinced me I would not have wanted to be around when it blew.
I had never thought about this, I wonder how long they've been doing that, the two houses I know with propane tanks are both about 30' from the house and almost perpendicular not parallel... they are 20+ years old though. 
At the AMC huts in the NH White Mountains, their cooking/hearing propane comes from a set of vertical tanks flown in by helicopter. The tanks are referred to as "the bomb rack" and are placed as far away from the building and hiking trails as is logistically feasible. 
> they align the tanks so the caps are parallel to the wall of your house

...and perfectly aimed at your asshole neighbor's window.
Here, have some BLEVE videos: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxZ8hQvrWx9oycxyLup_8weESz3T9Vc_i
kids can explode?
It is said that they cause most murders.
YES FELLOW HUMAN I AGREE HUMANS ARE THE BIGGEST THREAT TO HUMANITY
Stairs and alcohol. My wife is an ortho-trauma nurse and had a young guy (25 I think) fall down the stairs drunk and break some bones and get a TBI that will change his life forever. Sad stuff. 
My brother in law's dad was descending a single flight of stairs and stumbled half way down and fell the rest of the way, so he only fell down half of a flight of stairs.  He hit his head in such a way that he died of a severe brain bleed.  He was otherwise healthy and very active.  He was only 60.
My best friend just fell down her stairs and destroyed her ankle. Emergency surgery and several huge scars later and she's chilling in a boot, trying to take care of a toddler. 

Not as extreme as the other examples, but still, stairs will fuck you up. 
> *Even a spoon that is used to eat soup patiently bides its time waiting to gouge your eyes out.*

Statistically speaking more eyes are gouged out with forks. Rusty forks aren't used quite as much, but they do outnumber spoon gougings two to one. The utensil used less for eye gouging than the spoon is the spork. Presumably because they mainly come in a hard plastic form and break too easily when trying to pry the eye out of the socket.

**Eye gouging statistics:**
___
* 57% - Forks
* 24% - Rusty Forks
* 12% - Spoons (8% are soup spoons)
* 6% - Failed spork attempts
* 1% -  Other methods (whisks, butter knives, etc)

**SOURCE:** Like most Internet statistics, these have been extracted from my posterior and presented with authority.


Razor sharp knives...

Obviously you've never shared a home with a middle-aged woman....
I have a great picture in one of my old phones regarding the point about knives.

Washing dishes at my college house, I was wiping off a sharp steak knife while not wearing socks or anything on my feet. Someone asked me something, so I turned around and I guess I bumped the knife on the sink and dropped it. I didn't have any time to react, but it landed point-down in the linoleum floor, right between my big and middle toe.
Microwave oven radiation is the same frequency as wifi, bluetooth, and cordless phones. It's just radio waves in a box.  
I once read about a woman who died after falling onto her open dishwasher in which the knives were placed pointing up. Never turn your back on a dishwasher, doubly so if you've armed it.
So they kick the bucket by being unable to kick the bucket?
Also a lot of idiots standing on them because they don't have or are too lazy to get a ladder. Or balancing a ladder on top of them because they don't have an extendable ladder. 

The human race, as a whole, just constantly stares death in the face and laughs.
We had this 5 gallon plastic bucket around when I was growing up. I think it used to hold cement. They made a huge deal about warning you to keep your baby away from it. There was a four panel comic of a baby drowning on the back.
One classmates from high school lost a child this way.
I live at the end of i-4 in Florida. It's the shortest interstate but also the most dangerous. Driving down it gives me anxiety. People drive like absolute lunatics, especially around Orlando. It's insane. When my kid is in the car with me, my anxiety skyrockets like 1000%. 
That video of the woman who got eaten by an escalator in China made me paranoid. I'm still not over it.
Fat butt disease
8 ways your couch could kill you. You won't believe #5!
Yeah it isn't the sofa it's the fork. You can't outrun a bad diet. I've been training BJJ almost every day this week and won't lose weight because I have been eating whatever I want zero fucks given. You almost always have to control intake to cut unless you are an ultramarathoner or something. 
CVD is the #1 cause of death
Having talked to a engineer, he said driving a train is the one job you are guaranteed to kill some one during your career.
I know somebody that used to work for a train company.

In the safety training (heh) at the start they learned that if a train hits a car, it's roughly comparable (in terms of momentum) to a car hitting a pop can.
Not even 5 minutes, it's usually 1-2 minutes for a freight train, maybe 20 seconds for a short DMU/EMU. WTF? Just wait it out..
I used to take the train to work every day for about 7 years. At least 2-3 times a year we would have a suicide or accident on the track where someone basically drove their car or was walking on the tracks and it would take hours and hours to clean up the scene. Trains are definitely something you don't want to fuck with. . .
Tourists seem to be confused by the word park in national parks. They think they're at Disneyland and everything around them is there for their entertainment and they put themselves and others in danger by acting like idiots. 
The bison is as of last year, along with the bald eagle, the national animal of the United States, probably in part because they will fuck your shit up just because they feel like it or think you harmed them in some way.
Been reading Death In Yellowstone? I don't think I've seen reports of people getting killed by them, but injured, yes. 

Think of taking a picture with a wild animal like stopping on a road, handing your kid to a random Hell's Angle and saying "Cheese!" (You'd probably a lot safer doing this with the biker.)
Similarly, moose. I live in Canada and people are fucking idiots around moose, thinking they can just go up and pet them or even ride them. They may be herbivores, but these are huge, wild animals, and they can and will get violent if they feel threatened. I'd be much more scared to come across a moose in the forest than a bear.
I hate sand. It's coarse, and rough, and irritating, and it gets everywhere! 
People die from digging holes on the beach every year.  The Ocean City Beach Patrol is always issuing warnings about that.
I dunno, I'll go and have a lo
> I mean it can't be 100% safe right?

I need answers!  Don't leave me on a cliff-hanger like that!
Any time I see pictures of people doing this (climbers, tourists, doesn't matter) I immediately get that anxious heat-on-the-back-of-your-hands feeling.  Actually, I'm getting it now just visualizing this.

Pretty sure my subconscious is trying to stay tf away from cliffs.
Or your kitchen, or bathroom. 
Link? In the us any circuit that is near a water source has to have a gfci on it. I'm curious how she zapped herself. 
And always on the space between two fingers. Goddamn.
Like tomatoes, anyone who has eaten one has eventually gone on to die. 
I always used to stand behind a pillar close to the tracks for safety.
Not if you can't afford food!
T H I C C
They're not very dangerous unless a train comes along. 
...too soon? 
My uncle had a garage door fall on his head. I was really young, so I don't remember all the details, but I remember it being really scary. 
Societal standards? Haha. The average suburb is beginning to resemble mad max. People alternate between stalled in traffic and building up rage to open roads where everyone drives way too fast to "make up time" with no fucks given to anyone else.
I think about this a lot while driving. We all are just generally agreeing to drive several thousand pounds of metal at high rates of speeds near each other. 
I fucking hate two lane highways. 
Seriously. Look at a culture with lax traffic standards like India and you'll find crazy statistics. According to the NGO, Indians for Road Safety, due to the high frequency of traffic accidents there is a fatality every four minutes in India. 
I've heard people say that they'll "have time to react if it looks like an accident is about to happen".  

Umm, accidents aren't normally advertised a few seconds in advance.  And normally there's nothing one can do to "react" and avoid an accident.
I worked for a guy who never wore his seat belt. He told me if he crashes he will just hold on to the wheel.

I tried to explain to him how the force of a crash acts on objects in the car, such as babies (not strapped into a car seat) turning into rockets but he just didn't get it.
I've just started driving and whenever I drive with my sisters in the car I will not leave unless they put their seatbelts on. Cars are scary as hell and I'll be damned before I'll be the person driving a car when some of my loved ones fly out the windshield. 
Anyone who doesn't wear a seatbelt is retarded and a selfish piece of shit. Without a seatbelt holding you in your seat, you could easily lose control of the car in the event of an accident because you'll be thrown around in the cabin. You are more likely to cause an accident and could make an already unfortunate situation worse, and by worse I mean fatal.
You're not allowing natural selection to do its work. Pssh. You're like the guy who invented the seat belt.

But on a serious note wear your damn seatbelt
Quite frankly, I'd love it if my car had 6 point belts instead of the standard one.

On the other end of the spectrum, the first thing my friend does when he gets a car is disassemble the seat belt so he can disconnect the system that bothers him if he is wearing a belt. His reason? His aunt died in a car crash when he was young, and a random police officer on the scene told him "If she hadn't been wearing her seat belt, she would have been thrown clear and lived.". He's convinced that seat belts cause more deaths than they save, and uses the difficulty of finding information on deaths caused by seatbelts as a "Absence of evidence is evidence of absence." proof for his thought that car companies got belts mandated just so they can tack on an extra thousand dollars or so per car.
I dated a guy once who refused to wear seat belts because "if it's my time to go, it's my time". It blew my mind, especially because his mom died in a car accident. I hated being in the car with him. 
Same. Any time a question like this is asked, people always say "cars" and like, buddy I'm terrified of cars and you keep calling me irrational for it. 
> you will not catch me on a motorcycle, ever.

Is that because you're riding it so fast?
One of my friends once went through a deer while riding his motorcycle.

Through. A. Deer.

One of its bones pierced his forearm.

Just thought I'd throw that out there since you mentioned never going near motorcycles.
Motorcycling is dangerous,  but employing a strict ATGATT policy on  yourself really cuts that danger down by orders of magnitude.  

I look at it like the whole "safest place for a boat is the harbor but that's not what boats are for" thing..    hitting the world on two wheels really does have a special feeling to it,    there's nothing else like it.  
I rode a motorcycle, it was great at first but after a few days I became paranoid about the front wheel nut. I just didn't trust it anymore. I went to a mechanic to have it checked and he gave it his blessing. I definitely had to sell the bike at that point, no way I'm risking my life on the whims of a religious nut.
I wish I had the actual stats in front of me, but it was a chart that basically had fatalities per million miles of travel (I think).  I'm just making up the numbers here, but the general gist of it was like:  Airplane - 1 fatality/300 million miles, Car - 1f/150mm, Motorcycle - 1f/6mm

:O
I rode motorcycles when I was younger but then I hit 30 and the part of my brain that is good at math decided it was no longer worth it.
A friend called me once and asked me to help another friend (who I didn't know) that was stranded on the side of the highway and needed a car jack to replace a tire.  Turned out to be a Darwin candidate situation.  The flat tire was on the driver side and they had barely pulled past the white line on the shoulder.  Most of the car was still on pavement.  They couldn't move the car because they already took the flat tire off before the car rolled and the jack they were using tipped over.  As I was changing the tire two of the people needlessly stood nearby between the car and the highway.
I work in a toll booth. Just this morning, I had these two guys miss the booth, so they drove a mile up the road, made a u turn, and then drove a mile back the WRONG FUCKING DIRECTION, AGAINST TRAFFIC, then stop in the MIDDLE of the right lane, get out of their car and attempt to walk up to the toll booth to pay. 

Did I mention it was around 5:30 am, so at this point it was still dark out so nearly impossible to see Dr. Dipshit and Professor Dumbfuck? 
If you have to: Exit through the passenger door. 
If you have to do this, call the local PD and ask them to send over a cruiser to put out some flares and park behind you with his lights on.
Recently a cop was nailed by a drunk driver while doing a routine traffic stop. The drunk guy slammed into both cars and sent the officer flying.      

Standing on the side of the road is no joke.
These are words to live by. I saw someone die doing this just over a month ago off an exit.
RIP.  
Me too, I can't decide whether to use my other hand to eat a sandwich or hold the wheel. At least I don't have to decide until I finish masturbating.
[deleted]
Asking too goddamn many questions >_>

But for real I can't remember. Poisonings?  Sounds right, but very broad, not sure what it includes. 
You're not about to walk now are you?

Never underestimate just how lazy humans are, and how much we love convenience. 
Good.  Drive Safe. 
In 2015, auto accidents accounted for 1.1 death per 10,000 population across all age.  That's  a huge number, eclipsed only by major health issues like heart disease and cancer. 
r/thalassophobia might please you then
I'm 27 years old and I found out just now that handbras are called handbras.
I was on vacation a couple months ago swimming in the ocean with my son and my fiancée's girls. All of a sudden, I got a horrible feeling that was telling me to get out of the water. I got out and got the kids out as fast as I could. Only an hour or two later we see the coast guard searching for missing swimmers. That could have been us.



UPDATE: I just checked, both teenagers died.
There's a lot of unexpected Hogwarts lately.
That girl has got to get her priorities in order. 
I am consistently shocked by how big and heavy trains are. My mind wants to think they are just like trucks on the road, but when a train passes you at any reasonable speed you really feel the difference.
Probably one of the scariest moments of my life was when I got to the train platform just as an Amtrak Acela train passed through.  Absolutely terrifying, like it sucked all the air out of my lungs from the force.
The really show their power [when it snows](http://big.assets.huffingtonpost.com/amtrack-for-web.gif)
Unless being chased by a homicidal driver. Then run away from traffic. 
I have always thought this but been told my whole life to go with the traffic instead. So that my legs crumple if I get hit instead of snapping backwards.
This is a law in some places
yea that would have to be truly bizarre, you're talking to someone and because of one minor mistep, you never get to hear them again. 
Weird, I always thought it was the white line that saved you.
A person died a few years ago where I live because she was staring at her phone and walked into the space between the metro cars. I've also seen people walk into the side of the metro, immersed in their phones. It terrifies me because my boyfriend is like that. I've literally watched him climb our stairs like half a stair at a time because he's so engrossed. I try not to look at my phone if I'm moving since I'm clumsy enough on my own without having to factor in sensory deprivation, which is exactly what it is.

So scary..
don't get him started
/r/unexpectedscpcontainmentbreach
scp number?
Exactly! My lab is the sweetest dog in the world but she reacts defensively when an unleashed dog comes racing up to her when she's "trapped" on a leash. All of a sudden I'm the asshole because my dog snapped at yours when it never would have happened if your dog was leashed. 
Eh my experience is that the smaller dogs instigate it while the bigger dogs are normally chill. I've not had a big dog attempt to bite me or my dog. A little dog is another story. 
I trust German Shepards more than I trust those tiny purse dogs. Those little ankle biters always go after me unprovoked and if you kick them away out of defense the owners call you a monster because their princess is perfect in every way. Big dogs can do more damage but I've never been attacked unprovoked by them
The only dangers I've found were people who have bully breeds to be an intimidation tool, or small dogs who are nippy and don't have manners, both get themselves in a lot of trouble off leash with no recall while the owner is yelling from 30ft away that their dog is friendly, and then get mad at you when your dog snaps at theirs for being in their face. 
Not if you have just enough ventilation to not kill you. It makes your lungs, eyes, and throat burn for a good 3 or 4 days though.

Source: Father almost killed us mixing the 2 by trying to "maximize cleaning power".
But if you survive you end up with some awesome crystals.
I did this when I was a kid. Though of it as a household chemistry experiment. Luckily my test tube didn't hold that much liquid, so the gas wasn't enough to seriously hurt me.
Don't tell me how to mix my inhalants, man.
Reminds me of that reaction that happens when you mix brake fluid with pool chlorine. Nothing happens for the longest time then boom instant firestorm.
I believe it was his cat or something 
I like to eat the skin first.

*grabs pork rinds* 
^ The Lord's work
Next on the syfy channel Shark Tornado VS Lion Hurricane.

Apparently this guy has never seen those Sharknado documentaries.
Sharks are definitely found in America.
Fuck yeah, I was hoping it'd be a Community link
No, my first mistake was the typo.
/r/thatsthejoke
Do you want the mustache on or off?
On the north shore of Lake Superior water temps can remain below 40F, Lake Superior is the main reason why the Upper Peninsula of Michigan is mostly 10-20 degrees colder than downstate 
The coldness of the water worries far more than the depths.
Resisting arrest? Ohm my God!
You can add assault and battery
I saw a documentary about this, if I remember right, humanity was saved by some rodents.
Yeah, I cook my food using the radiated heat from the fork I stuck in a socket every day and nothing has happened to my house. 
Yeah, but most household appliances aren't rocking 277V. 
But that's the point of the post - we all go near it every day and consider it safe, but the reality is, it will kill you instantly if the circumstances are wrong.
I wonder why the ground is fat. If the plug gets bashed it can break off while the others bend. I always wondered why so many grounds were missing on extension cords until I bashed one.
Foxes too! We have a fox who lives in our neighborhood who has gotten way too used to humans (though she still retains enough of her fear that she runs away if she sees a person, so she's been allowed to stay). She likes to walk down the sidewalk at 3am when all the windows are open, screaming. What a good animal.
Not just mountain lions and cougars, but pumas, panthers, catamounts too.
Dumb and powerful is a potent combo. Insert political joke of choice here.
On the coast we have to deal with the fucking seagulls who will literally snatch your sandwich out of your hands because they're so used to humans feeding them.
Baby.
Conversely, Don't Let Crazy Inside You.
The worst part is that sometimes they hide the crazy until its you're already in...
Unless they are above the hot crazy line
Or alternatively, don't let crazy inside you.
Just dont let them know where you live.
They're also usually the most charismatic ones
Can you imagine being that hunter?

\*takes a shot at a deer*

\*misses*

\*massive fiery explosion in the distance*

\*panics and runs away*
You can get tanks that are designed to be buried underground. Should keep it out of the path of any stray bullets. 
Yes, it's horrible for those transformers that children tend to perch upon. 
Well, humans and crows.
r/totallynotrobots is leaking
I shall not stand here and let you insult my intelligence by insisting that the spork is the inferior eating/eye-gouging implement, sir! Sporks combine both the useful practicality of an anorexic fork as well as that of a tedious spoon. The spork is clearly the superior implement of choice for eye-gougers and spaghetti eaters alike.
"I hereby authorize these pieces of shit to be published."
Sir, are you insulting that man's mother?
Their best chance of survival is you kicking the baby in the bucket as hard as you can 
Damn you, I had finally stopped thinking about this video. 
Great, I just googled it :/
I bet you wanna swim with this sea monster
Dunlap Syndrome
No, it is dirty plates. They'll get you every time.
At its basics, weight loss is just calorie difference. If you're too busy to get good exercise, just don't eat that much. 
Serious distance runner here. The beautiful thing is if you train hard enough you can outrun your fork. 
Couch Victim Disorder?
Parents often stop there kids from playing outside because they're afraid they might get abducted, but that is literally one in a million. Because kids can't go outside they get fat and CVD.

Ironic
Just check some of the ask Reddit thread 'Redditors who've killed someone...' and there's always a few train drivers.
There are some places in the us with longass slow trains that could easily block the crossing for five minutes. Most places are like you said, though.
Speaking of bikers and bison, last time I was in Yellowstone, a guy stopped for a bison in the road, with his V-twin throbbing noisily.  Bison looked over at him for what must have been 60 seconds, then moved on. I thought I was gonna see a dude get gored. 
There's a mother joke here, I'm sure.
She used an extension cord from an outlet far away from the tub...
It was big news, soonest link I found below, apparently she was in New Mexico?

http://metro.co.uk/2017/07/11/girl-14-dies-after-electrocuting-herself-while-using-phone-in-the-bath-6769656/

The GFCI or breaker I guess wasn't fast enough, maybe grandfather clause on her home and no GFCI?

Apparently she was using a frayed cord.  
Everything in life is either a tomato or it isn't
WHAT?!?  Nonononononoooo I don't even LIKE tomatoes. I just didn't want to hassle the Burger King guy about not putting it on!
The thing that people don't understand is that trains can come along quite suddenly. There are plenty of people who get hit by trains every year because they were on the tracks and didn't get out of way in time.
you live in MA?
Our big local problem is that people no longer interpret orange lights as different to green lights. I've seen more than a few people run red lights because they accelerated for the orange light way too far away to even come close to catching it.
A simple jerk of your wheel on the highway ends your life. That jerk is a move you make every time you want to take a left turn at an intersection. That's all it would take 
I've seen some gnarly shit of people that "Just looked down for a second"
Ain't no billboard telling you a drunk driver is coming into your lane. 
Yep I hate that, I don't intend to have an accident is a good one. Total failure to understand the word.
When Little Timmy bought a car,  
And shunned the belt with pride -  
He didn't make it very far.

And Timmy fucking died. 
Yep. Hubby and I were sitting still when we got t-boned by a Silvarado. There was no way we could have "reacted" to that.
I can confirm this. I got into an accident once that was not my fault/ Little old lady blew a stop sign on a residential street. I was doing maybe 27mph and still didnt have time to stop or swerve much. It can happen in a split second. I looked to see nobody was coming, saw the lady in the SUV, I figured "eh, she's obviously gonna stop at that stop sign.." She was even slowing down from what I could tell. I looked down to change the radio station. Looked back up and she was right in front of me. Boom. Literally that fast. 
I'm gonna disagree. I think that people react and avoid accidents all the damn time. Every time they drive somewhere, pretty much. That's *normal*.

The thing is, these are *so* common, and not *all* can be avoided. That's when an accident actually happens. When you *can't* avoid it. And those are the times that you wear your seatbelt for.
Exactly. When i was sideswiped my car went from "totally fine" to "driver-side-door-crunched-in+steering-wheel-explosion" in approximately zero seconds.
Hence the name 'accident' not 'planned event'
Got in an accident on an snow covered road when the jackass coming the other way tried to make a left hand turn in front of me.  I saw what was happening, slammed on the brakes (anti-lock, so no pumping needed) and watched my car drift into his.

Even if you have time to react it doesn't mean you can change the situation.

The only time I was involved in an accident all I had time to say was 'Ummm' then Boom.
People actually actually say this? That's like saying "if someone tries to shoot me I will just see them and duck"
>He told me if he crashes he will just hold on to the wheel.

Why didn't anyone else ever think of that? What a genius! lol
I've been in a crash fast enough to total the car and deploy airbags. One does not hold onto the wheel. The level of violence and forces involved are way higher than what most people have experienced. 
Ask him if he can bench 30+ times his body weight. And that's probably in the lower end of what you'll experience in a severe crash. 
In the olden days some folks believed in the notion that they would be 'thrown clear' of the crash (seriously). 
I was in an accident this year that totaled the car. The only person not wearing a seatbelt ended up in the trunk from the middle seat and my seatbelt saved my life 
dated a girl briefly who refused to wear a seatbelt because, supposedly, one was instrumental in her friend's death...it held him in a burning car, or something. so, in idiotic solidarity, she spurned seatbelts, insisting she "would be thrown clear." i wasn't sure how someone otherwise intelligent could be so stupid. all the data on the life saving properties of seatbelts and she takes one piece of contrary anecdotal evidence as proof against. she also drove like a maniac. 
I've had to explain to my best bud too many times that it's totally fine if he doesn't give a shit about his well being, but while he's in my vehicle he WILL buckle up.

In the event we do get in a wreck I don't need his 190 lb body flying around like a missile and smashing me. 
> be thrown around in the cabin

The irish have [a lovely public safety advertisement](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epTdI-9V6Jk) to this effect
Also an unbelted passenger can injure others in the car, particularly if you're a physically larger person than them. You can force the person in front of you into the dashboard/wheel if you slam into them from behind, or bash elbows into the head of people next to you in side impacts. It's just all round selfish as you said.
> thrown clear

I knew some older people who believed that, despite the obvious issue that getting ejected results in death >90% of the time.
It's cause he's superman. 
That's why when you travel in a group the bike in the front is called the deer splitter.
My uncle was knocked off his bike by a deer.  Was promptly run over by three cars and a semi.  The semi was the only one that stopped.  Closed casket.. but the most amazing funeral I've ever attended.  His biker buddies showed up in droves.  Roaring thunder completely taking over the highways between the funeral home and his burial plot. Procession took 20min to accomplish what was normally a two hour drive.  Bikers blocked all the intersections for about 75 miles as we rolled through.
That's great and all and I knew some bikers would chime in but seeing people smeared all over the road or mangled and "burgered" over and over just makes the steel cage around me in my small car that much more appealing.  Ride if you like, but I will never do it.  You can only be so safe after all and more than half of those reports were not the cyclists fault.
ayyyyyyyyyy
Should've left them there.
Why the hell didn't you tell them to get a tow? 
Ive always wondered, whats it like working for a toll booth? Do you get paid well or fair?
...I have questions. How did they miss/get around the tollbooth in the first place? Would they have gotten in trouble later if they DIDN'T pay after skipping the booth? Is there a system in place to track people who don't pay?

The only toll booths I've ever encountered were pretty much impossible to just miss by accident. I'm very curious.
Or park at a diagonal off the shoulder so the car creates a barrier space. 
and get off of the road, behind the rails on the edge


like, a good end behind those rails
I'm pretty sure auto accidents are actually #1

https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/adolescent-health.htm
Time constraints are a thing, not everyone can live close enough /to/ walk (closest apartment to work is 12 miles away, and in a shitty area)
I do and i will continue to, you too.
That won't always save you.
Also: heart disease and cancer are skewed towards older people.  Automobiles are likely skewed towards younger people.  So in years of life lost, they hit disproportionately hard.
Yeah, That link is staying blue. 
I'm subbing because those pictures are awesome!
> thalassophobia 

Well now I have a name for my terror.
Tallahasseeophobia?
Time to discover how to take pics like that and send them to me as well. 
Soo, what was the issue? Ripcurrents?
Did you find out what happened to the swimmers?
Same for me. I used to live near a train station and had to pass the train tracks to go to town almost daily. It wasn't rare to see trains pass through there and I always stopped to see them, it was both mesmerizing and a bit scary to see them that close
I mean, it's not like you're going to outrun him, and if you run towards him/sideways you might be able to dodge him, and if succeeded he's driving against the traffic now
Username checks out.
What about that poor truck driver? That has got to leave a mental scar. 
To expand on this, DON'T keep your dog on lead IN a dog park - that "trapped" dog is going to be very defensive when 100 dogs come up to say hi and sniff butts.  Take your dog off lead in the airlock, and let them out to have greets.

I've seen more snarly matches break out when one dog is on lead, as your parent poster noted: dangerous for both dogs (and just makes you look like "that dog owner" at the park).

I think proper socialization in general is what makes dogs dangerous.  Dogs should respond to voice commands, and should know how to react when my big dumb standard poodle comes up and says hi.  Get them in group classes early (and.or make frequent trips to the dog park).
My dog is 75lbs and it's always something I'm concerned about. He's normally a punk who's first instinct is to run away from a 10lb street cats. He's stupidly friendly (like trying to befriend angry street cats) but I'm afraid of the outcome, should he ever feel the need to defend himself against a smaller more agressive dog.
Even with proper ventilation.  I would not suggest 
Did it clean the mess tho?
So this one time I was on a military base in a barracks with about 120 other teenagers, and we were told to thoroughly deep clean the entire barracks.

Being the smart teenager I was I grabbed the industrial ammonia solvent solution in the cleaning closet to clean the windows, mirrors, moulding etc.

My dumbfuck flightmate grabbed the industrial strength bleach and decided he'd go behind me and make sure I got everything.

And that was the first time that specific barracks was given a gas attack evacuation notice due to chlorine gas.
As a kid I made chlorine gas in my bedroom ("experimenting" with chemicals).  My left bronchial tube/lung/whatever was sore for years afterward every time I got a cold.
http://imgur.com/gallery/BuF31
I regret that I have but one upvote to give 
Could easily be. Thanks!
Or seen any of the Lionquake documentaries. 
A dude in Kentucky isn't going to get killed by a shark anytime soon
Wasn't Lake Superior where the Edmund Fitzgerald wrecked?
Yeah Duluth is always 10-20 degrees colder than Minneapolis
10/12

Currently laughing. 
Watt is their problem?!
A G force reference what the fuck 
I was more reinforcing how easy it is to be complacent around electricity. 
I was always told that noise was foxes having sex? The females scream because of the males barbed penises, apparently. 

If this is another lie I was told as the youngest sibling I'm going to be so pissed off. The 'badgers are a myth' thing was humiliating enough. 
So that's what the fox says!
Dundundundadadadundun
Instructions unclear, developed pegging fetish.
Amen.
But you still know that you shouldn't
I don't neccessarily think those were strays though, but yes a buried tank is hard to aim for. 
And human crows
YES FELLOW HUMAN I AGREE HUMANS ARE THE BIGGEST THREAT TO HUMANITY
I'm not trying to insult your intelligence. I'm simply making an observation from the statistics gleaned from our local chapter of *"Eye Gougers Anonymous"*. I know based on other chapter's statistics that the locality has a lot of bearing on the preferred utensil.

For example, one of our Eastern US chapters ranks gardening tools (specifically hand trowels) as the most used eye gouging implement. Our international chapters report items such as chopsticks and rhubarb as the implements of choice.

If your region has a preference for the *"spork"*, then I would agree with (and wholeheartedly support) your assessment and usage of this fine instrument. Remember... it made **our** list!
> "I hereby authorize these ~~pieces of shit~~ **valid and authoritative statistics** to be published."

FTFY
Basically but not quite. Cardiovascular disease
You'd think parents who are overly concerned with their kids getting abducted would just go out and play with them. Bonding moment, making memories, and the whole family gets exercise.
-.- stupid people everywhere... Just basic common knowledge; Water + Electronics do not play well together.
I GUESS
Everything has a fifty percent chance of being a tomato. 

What about things that simultaneously are a tomato and aren't? Like Salsa?
By local you mean almost every major metropolitan area in north america?
Oh man, fuck drunk drivers!
Poor Timmy always dying.
Too early to a sprog.
Perfect
F R E S H
This should be the next campaign slogan for seat belt use.
Short, sweet, and to the point. Beautiful. 
Every day I drive my car

on roads so far and wide, 

I'd wear a helmet too, I guess

except for foolish pride 
"We need another Timmy!"
He had me at rocket babies.
Find out how this man survives car crashes with one simple trick! Seatbelt companies *hate* him!
He's a *rocket man*

*Rocket maaaaan, burning out his fuse out here alone!*
Exactly. imagine sitting in a chair on a football field and a bunch of professional football players run full speed into your chair while you're in it. Your only saving grace is if that chair is sturdy as fuck and has safety features to keep you from being launched up into the stands.
a good example i was offered was run as fast as you can at a brick wall and try and stop yourself with your arms without slowing down. that's a fraction of the force you experience in a car crash.
In the UK the drive would be liable for a fine. So she wouldn't be getting many lifts.
I had a friend who wouldn't wanna wear his seatbelt so we'd get in the car to go somewhere and is just sit there until he put it on. One time he tried taking it off after a little bit and I just pulled over and sat there until he put it back on. 
Dear god, Ireland.

That looks like it'd be effective as a PSA though.
There is also the UK one a few years ago, where I think the mum is driving, the teenage son is sat in the back seat. They crash and his head slams into the mums seat and breaks her neck I think? I remember being pretty horrified. 
The UK [has similar ones](https://youtu.be/mKHY69AFstE). 
20 minutes to go 75 miles is 225 miles per hour... did you all take Bugatti Veyrons?  
What? They sound like a bunch of assholes.
My plan is to die eventually,  but live first.    

It's OK if you don't ride  but those of us who do know what the deal is. 
Nah, unfortunately, they used to pay really well because it used to be a state job. (From what I've heard at least, I've only been doing it about a month, trying to get out of it because of the pay situation not being enough). However, about 10 years or so ago the state started subcontracting the toll jobs out to another company because the state of Florida is cheap as hell, so we don't make much.

Job itself is easy, but super boring, especially on slow days or if you're at a slow plaza. If you work third shift (which is hell, I've done it a few times) you'll go from 1-5am with getting maybe 2 cars max. Becomes especially boring then. 

To make things worse, we're not allowed to listen to music, read, or do anything like that.
To answer all these: 

1. In Florida we have a thing called SunPass, similar to EZ Pass if you're somewhere with that; if not, essentially it's this device you put in your car, it's linked to your bank account and just automatically pays and you don't have to stop, and it's extremely common for people to go through the SunPass lanes when they don't have it (either by accident, weren't paying attention, etc.)

2. Nope, that's the thing, if you miss the booth, they send you the bill in the mail, which they add a convenience fee to, so I guess they'd be paying an extra $3 or so, and if you don't pay that it's a $100 fine. That $3 isn't really worth your life. Plus, once you drive past the booth, we can't process the payment anyway. Hell, even if it was an automatic $100 fine...is it really a smart idea to drive a mile the wrong direction? I just...don't understand these people lol.

3. Yeah, there's cameras and if you don't enter into the system that they paid, it knows they didn't, and sends the address the car is registered to the bill.
<3
Of course not, but it does help. 
Blue like the deep dark sea
I hope that guy is a fat dude and actually pms you.
Just out of curiosity, how often do you receive good PMs of what you are looking for? 
You're telling me!
Nope. Stains on basement concrete never did go away (not sure why you would want to clean it anyway, my dad is odd).
Nope, OP is still alive 
Whoops! I don't think I have long lasting effects, but I remember the burn from many years ago.
Bull sharks have been found in the Mississippi river as far north as Illinois.  
Ok...but not everyone lives in Kentucky. Not sure how thats relevant. Plenty of people have been killed by sharks in the US. 
Yup, that's the lake!
Legend - Only 3 comments - I see a bright future for you.
They will face charges in circuit court.
I feel like "what's the biggest lie your siblings told you" would make a great thread. 

That said, and I'm not gonna look this up because I have enough questionable content in my browser history right now, I know that *cats* have barbed penises, but foxes are *canids* so I don't think that they do. EDIT: they do have knots at the base of their penises which may cause some pain if attempted to be removed too early but I don't think that's necessarily the source of the screams. Foxes are just screamers. Kinky.

...okay, jk, I looked it up, curse my scientific background. Cats are the most well known ones but barbed penises (or "penile spines", as I never knew I never wanted to know) occur in a lot of mammal species. I did not see foxes on the list. But! Chimpanzees and other primates *do* have them, which means that some humans have a similar-looking if not similar-functioning mutation largely considered to be vestigial in nature. You're welcome.
The worst part of that song is that he gets the bark pretty much correct fairly early on. You could have stopped after that, my guy. That's the noise they make.
Alright... Stop!
Under pressure!
Did they steal that jingle from Queen?
Tsk!
As long as the person pegging you isn't crazy.
Yeah, "developed"
Oh shit they'd onto us
CAW CAW. ALL MUDMEN WILL BE CLAWED AND PECKED TO DEATH!!!!
>YES FELLOW HUMAN I AGREE HUMANS ARE THE BIGGEST THREAT TO HUMANITY SO WE SHOULD JUST GIVE THE ROBOTS THE NUCLEAR LAUNCH CODES.
Okay. I'm sorry for overreacting. It just upsets me when sporks are treated horribly when not ignored just because they look a little different.
Not even NA, but I see your point. It's always bizarre to me how people generally follow most rules that have good reasons behind them but seem to blatantly disregard those regulating multi tonne high speed projectiles occupying the same space they are.
Lost a good friend and an uncle to drunk driving. Seriously, fuck drunk drivers. 

Also, as a Wisconsinite I see it every. fucking. day. Our state has a get home safe program where (most) bars worth going to will literally PAY for your ride home, and yet people don't do it. 
And there ain't no drunk driver telling you a flying billboard's coming into your lane.
TIL I've been singing the wrong words for years
> One time he tried taking it off after a little bit and I just [...]

I expected the end of that sentence to be "slammed the brakes".
Right?! Maths....
It's certainly personal choice.  Do what you want and enjoy, but the same advice I give to those who shun seat belts (they exist) is what I will give you.  Some times dying is better than not when it comes to auto accidents.  Stay safe, I am watching/listening for you.
MMMMeeeeeeaaaaaaawwwwwwwwmmmmm...... toot!
(╯°Д°）╯︵/(.□ . \)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Mixing amonnia and bleach neutalizes the very chemistry that makes them potent cleaning agents. After the chlorine evolves as gas, all you're left with is ammonium water, which is probably an even less effective cleaning agent than water because it's already partially saturated with the ammonium.
[A little under a dozen per decade, on average](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fatal,_unprovoked_shark_attacks_in_the_United_States).

That list doesn't include *provoked* attacks, but if you provoke a shark into attacking you I wouldn't be particularly interested in noting your passing...
As do I. I look forward to seeing his rise to the heavens. 
Checking how many comments people have - I worry about you.
A thing related with electricity used in a pun
Not all of them want to kill us, some are just wired wrong
Seriously, that's fascinating stuff. I wasted way too much time laying awake feeling sorry for distressed female foxes then. 
You mean it doesn't also say "dingdingdingdingdingdingdingding"?
Collaborate and listen!
No man ask for.  
RA RA REEEEMIXXX!!
we'd onto you, indeed.
F--T--F--Y
Sorry for your loss but this sounds like a really good program and more places around the world should adopt it. 
Part of the issue is people don't want to have to go back to the bar the next day to pick up their car. It's really fucking stupid and there isn't an excuse for drunk driving, but paying for someone's cab isn't going to convince everyone, unfortunately. Self driving cars can't come soon enough.
No state is easier on drunk drivers than Wisconsin.
Damn, ill have to that if theres ever another time. Would of been so much better outcome if I did that. 
(/ .□.)\ ︵╰(゜Д゜)╯︵ /(.□. \)
Alas, my father is no chemist.
Not to mention the gaseous chlorine reacting with the water in your eyes and respiratory tract to form hydrochloric acid.
your lack of creativity hertz my soul.
Ice is back with a brand new invention 
Drunk people are not logical people.
In the town I lived in while attending college, we had a program where there were people on scooters stationed near the street with all the bars/clubs. They'd come by, drive you and your car home, then scoot off into the night. You had to pay for it, though.
That's all I can think of in my current state
Something, grabs a hold of me tightly
You had so much potential…
Then I flow like a harpoon daily and nightly
We really need to amp the quality of these up a bit...
Will it ever stop? Yo, I don't know.
What are some of the most dangerous things we all go near, but think as being safe?

**Attention! [Serious] Tag Notice**

* Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in **any** comment, parent or child.

* Parent comments that aren't from the target group will be removed, along with their child replies. 

* Report comments that violate these rules.

Posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour, and posts that are not appropriate for the [Serious] tag will be removed. Consider doing an AMA request instead.

Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/AskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I posted this a long while back, so you may have read it before.

What I remember is a vast nothingness; it's hard to describe, as we're always surrounded by something wherever we go.

Suddenly in this vast nothing was a blinding pinprick of light that got larger. Either I was moving towards it, or it was moving towards me. As it got closer, what appeared to be a single light resolved into first one, then several, then millions upon millions of stars of all shapes, sizes, and colors, along with tons of nebulae.

It was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. As I approached the center, it seemed like I was joining a universal consciousness; a being made up of the thoughts, emotions, and experience of everyone and everything that had ever lived.

I'm sure it was all just a hallucination brought on by the trauma I had suffered the few days combined with my heart/breathing stopping, but there's a part of me that hopes that what I saw is what really happens when we die.
I almost died from drowning last year and the experience changed me. I had been dead for an unknown amount of minutes. But they managed to pull me out of the water and revive me.

I do not know how long I was dead. They say it took 2 minutes to revive me on the beach. 

 But the experience of after death felt like a very long day. Basically all I saw was blackness, followed by many lights, lights became stars and stars turned into something I cannot describe.

I did not feel anything, nothing. But looking back, I feel like it was a very long day, very strange experiemce.
I had the tunnel, then nothing. Absolutely nothing.
I died twice in an ambulance while being transported from a motorcycle accident. The last thing I remember was my face hitting the hood of a car at 60 MPH (no helmet) and then waking up in the emergency room at the hospital. I say twice "in an ambulance" but it's my understanding that I was actually dead when the ambulance arrived and then I died on the way to the hospital.

The time between the accident and the hospital is nothing... I mean **absolutely nothing**. 
[removed]
I was 12 and very sick. I had a very high fever and remember going in the hospital and people visiting me and watching a lot of TV (back when MTV and VH1 played music videos). Other than that I remember nothing. Years later my mom apparently told me the rest of the story that my heart stopped and had to be defibrillated 2 times. No memories of it. The really weird part for me was that I don't have any memory of her TELLING me about the story. My wife told about the story my mother told me and it finally sunk in. Its strange how the brain can block things out. 
I was in a coma for a few days and died for 3 minutes the coma itself was completely empty no sense of time no blackness NOTHING. Every so often I would come to a little bit and saw brief hazy flashes of scenes of  a visitor (they lived out of state at the time so I was confused/happy to see them but couldn't physically talk to them) worst feeling EVER, then from the next thing I remember was the famous LIGHT! (Oooohhh spooky) but not one light, two lights. They were circling around eachother while getting bigger and bigger (they seemed almost as if they were trying to save me?) Then I woke up in various different hospital rooms ultimately being told "hey you died for a bit and we are changing your catheter now" (not verbatim) weird experience that I forget even happened most of the time. Re-learned to walk in a  day or two. I still can feel the very distinct vibe if I think about it long enough. Almost like a happy nostalgia. 

TL;DR I no longer fear death but am extremely grateful for life.
I stopped breathing in my mothers minivan. She swerved into the fire station of my little hometown we were thankfully right next to. I still can't believe the luck of that. If we had been on the highway I would probably be dead. She's trained in CPR and pulled me out of the car, she says, frantically pumping my chest and yelling like a maniac until the fire fighters took over. She brought them cookies every week for a year after that. 
Anyway! On my side there was nothing. I remember being in the car. I was only "dead" a minute or so at most. But all of that and the coma that follows was a heavy sense of crushing nothingness. 
I remember coming out of the coma vaguely. I knew my sister was there at one point. She never, ever visits us and I hadn't seen her in years. I remember hearing her voice but I was all connected to tubes. I knew it was life or death serious if she showed up. 
There was a respirator and a feeding tube and a catheter and several IVs. Also all 4 limbs were strapped down. I guess when people wake up from comas it's a natural reaction to yank out there tubes which can complicate shit. So they restrain you. I was mostly out of it but in that day I was waking up I remember feeling immense shame and fear. This was all my fault because I'm an alcoholic and I had been going this way for a while. It was just supposed to be a quiet relapse that no one would know about. Well now everyone knew. 
Anyway! The minute or so I was dead I do not remember. I didn't have any spiritual experience. Unfortunately. I had always been curious about this. I didn't overdose on purpose but I had fantasized about finding out what was on the other side without fully committing to it. 
The reality of that was of course terrifying. Being strapped down and 6 doctors or nurses telling you not to breathe while they pull out that giant bulky machine that's been pumping your lungs for you for days. It was instinct- I took a breath. I aspirated on my own vomit and got a lung infection. I couldn't speak or yell and I heard them closing the curtains and telling my mom to leave the room. I heard them mention sepsis. I know that's very, very bad. I heard them mention my fever spiking. I could not accept the fact that I might die soon and I could not say anything to my family who were right behind that curtain. They pumped me full of propophol(? Michael Jackson's fatal drug) and put me back on the respirator. 
Later I woke up for good. Only mom was there. I wanted to tell her how sorry I was, how upset I was that this all happened, that I caused so much chaos again. I had broken her and I knew I could not repair her at all. But I was on oxygen and my lungs weren't strong enough to say anything but small squeaks here and there. 
She was so relieved. But as soon as she knew I'd be ok she was livid. I deserve that. But I knew things would never be the same. My family hardly speaks to me any more. But I'm 16 months sober. So there's that. 
Overall - dying, reviving, coma, sepsis 0/10 do not recommend. 
In rehab they told me God saved me. Hey maybe but I didn't see any god. My mom saved my life by swerving into that fire station and doing CPR on her drunk ass loser daughter. I don't think many people would be able to do that. I don't know that I would be strong enough to do that. I did not have a spiritual experience, but I did realize there are some extraordinary people looking after me. 
[removed]
Nothing, nothing at all.
[removed]
It was absolutely no different than being asleep without dreams. There was nothing. 
Once all brain activity has ceased, It's strange that some people remember things in really vivid detail, sometimes things that would be impossible for them to know, then others say it's just nothing, no time, no blackness, no nothing. I wonder if it's that they can't remember for some reason, or if it's that people are making up their experiences and doctors are just collaborating? It's crazy to realize that I *will* find out one day.

best way to describe being 'on the other side' is like this:

remember what it was like before you existed. say you were born in 1990, well i want you to tell me what you remember from 1989. That's what being dead is like. Now those little moments while right before you 'die' and while you are comming back (booting back up) is where all these experiences in the thread occur. 

Hearing voices or seeing lights and all these other grand sights and sounds are literally your nervous system and brain booting down and up. You're not on the other side while this is happening you're just hearing the world say goodbye/hello to you as you go/come.
Od'd a couple years ago died at the hospital. I remember nothing; it was nothing. Just my experience 
This is pretty easy to answer. Think of the last time you slept and didn't dream. Just like that.
I was six when I flat lined from an acute asthma attack. I don't remember much, I do remember really being super pissed. I was just 6, it was so fucking not fair. My mom told me that when I was resuscitated, I was fighting and kicking, trying to pull out my intubation tube.
It's nothingness. 

To try to imagine this, sit and think about the edge of your vision, on the right and left sides of your periphery. Now try to think about what you see just past the edge of your vision. That's nothingness.

This is just the conscious version of that.

I also experienced the breakdown of my subjective reality, which is a far scarier thing to both experience and remember. 

Let me tell you right now:

Most of your life is just made up bullshit that you believe in order to maintain whatever story you've created. When your brain starts to break down and retreats to save itself, the first thing it does is sacrifice the bullshit story you've made up to make your life feel ok or happy or livable. 
When I was much younger (12 years old) I died from a full cardiac arrest.  This was at a high school football (American) game.  I can only remember flashes of memories from a few hours before until 2 weeks after the incident.  Riding in the back of our truck to the game, sitting in the stands with my mom, and how annoying the opposing team's chant was.  "EAGLES! <thump> <thump> SKYLINE!<thump> <thump>.  Congrats Skyline in Salt Lake City, your chant was able to pierce the veil of Death.

I remember a lot of black which quickly enclosed like a shell into a tunnel.  The tunnel itself was made of metal and looked exactly like the tunnel from Bespin where Luke ends up.  I don't think my mind could comprehend what it was seeing, so it filled in the gaps as best it could.  The feeling was awesome though.  Unless you have seen it, there really are no words to describe it.  I think this is because I cannot convey the emotions and feelings to you.  They are very intense.

I was dead with no heartbeat for a little over 4 minutes.  This caused massive problems later with memory loss and other brain damage.  My mother said I was literally crazy for about 2 weeks after this.  I was constantly talking to the monk in the corner.  That my cat was being tortured in the next room.  That my mother had three eyes.  I was a loon.

On the bright side, I had a full page article in both schools' year books that year, so I got that going for me which is nice.
[removed]
I died for 2 minutes on the table during surgery after a car wreck before they resuscitated me. I remember it being dark nothingness at first but very peaceful at first. 

Then all the sudden I was sucked out of the darkness and realized I was floating above myself in the hospital bed and could see the doctors getting ready to save me. As they resuscitated me I was pulled back into this darkness for a brief moment then woke up. 

Could have been a very vivid dream of hallucination but I like to believe what I experienced was just the beginning of an afterlife. 
I wasn't on life support or a monitor. So I can't verify the "clinically dead" part. But, I've been dead. There was a doctor with me who says I was dead. I've posted before discussing this, so it may be overlap for some. 

Its just nothing. There is no light and no darkness. No warmth and no cold. You read about it sometimes and people say it was an embrace or a chilling feeling. I had neither.

 I was unconscious for 20 minutes before I stopped breathing and was unconscious for the 20 minutes after I started breathing. The black out was the same as the death. The only "moment" was when I started to come back...everything was "dull". When I started to open my eyes, it took 4 or 5 minutes to be able to focus. I couldn't comprehend anything said to me for almost 10 minutes. Anything I touched(was wearing dive gloves and a wetsuit) felt alien , like I was touching it for the first time. 

It was like my brain needed a hard reboot and to remember how to do various things.

Car accident. Nothing. Dark, quiet space...
I totally believe that after death theres nothing. But people lashing out on everyone else using the "do you remember anything before you were born" i do not support. Man you cant even remember comming out of the vomb or inside your mothers stomach and what not. Theres some part of me that want to believe theres something (but i dont). But let people have theire beliefs, thats what makes us unique.
[removed]
[removed]
D a r k.
The only word to describe it is NOTHING. There is no afterlife. I was hit by a car and died for 4 minutes. For the first bit I could hear but couldn't see or feel. Then I died and nothing happened but I was then woken up and carried on living. I realised nothing mattered and the world is useless
Clinically dead just means your blood brewery stopped.  Its not actual death in any way.  No one has come back from actual dearth unless they've been frozen.  Your brain still works for a time after the heart stops. These replies aren't very credible to what happens after actual death...
What you're experiencing is what happens when you're knocked unconscious.
DMT is a hell of a drug
I had a friend who was hit by a motorbike and suddenly he found himself floating above the street and cars looking at them and himself.

I read some replies which describe this 'nothingness'. That doesn't sound like a near-death experience (at least a typical one). Nothingness is a state of being knocked unconscious, like coma or anaesthesia. Even clinically dead doesn't mean you're really really dead, hence the nothingness.  "Typical" NDEs don't have nothingness as a feeling.
[removed]
I once had a epileptic seizure while on mushrooms (doesnt really count maybe, but still) and there was nothing. So that is what i would imagine being dead is like.
It was nothing. Absolutely nothing. Not like black space because that's still something. When I died (which is still a weird thing for me to say even though this happened when I was young) all I noticed was I had thoughts and then I did. I didn't even notice I had lack of thoughts. There are only two ways I could tell I was dead. The passage of time, and that the doctors told me. It was absolutely nothing. When I died, I didn't notice it
I've been clinically dead 3 times (I don't do so hot during/right after major surgery).  I know nothing. I remember nothing. I didn't even know it had happened until told afterwards each time.

It does make me try to remember to live life how I like to, since it's fragile/short/etc. 
I Attempted killing Myself by trying to slit my wrists I passed but was found by my sister who was found me in the bathroom and my parent took me tired to stop the bleeding and took me to the hospital 

I really don't know how to describe it because in real world time i was a I was dead for about maybe 2-3 minutes and unconscious for a couple of hours.

It was basically any attempt dark nothing but it wasn't even pitch black nothing it was somehow even emptier than blackness.
I died once, I can't remember how long I was "dead" but I can tell you that I didn't see the light, I didn't experience anything, and I had no idea it even happened until after I woke up and I was told by my family. Sorry that's not a very exciting story :/ Also now that I think about it, it's possible they lied to me to try and convince me never to use drugs again, which didn't work anyway. 
Held in an indescribable blue-white light... a pure energy... and it was akin coming home after a long absence.    No fear.   Every sense heightened.  Enveloped in unconditional love and exquisite joy.  No sensation of a physical body... it's like my essence was distilled to its original, perfect concept.   Higher knowledge, deeper understanding.      



Years later, I sought to return to that Light after waking to a rapist that had drugged my food.  That time?  No light.  No peace.  No welcoming.  Instead,   I was plunged into a smothering void... sensory deprivation accompanied by excruciating loneliness and fear.  This time, my body came through the veil.  My entire being cried out for Light.  What answered was a voice I felt, not heard.  It told me choosing to end my life separated me from the Light, that I was being returned to finish my life as it was meant to be ...and to remember two words: fear not.         



It was the first step toward a more spiritual (not religious) perspective.   It's simply acknowledging all living things possess energy ...and resonance is the path I'm walking.












.   
[removed]
It doesnt exist. It was black and non existent then i was awake in a hospital bed.
Dark
There is a great book about this called 'Life After Life' by Raymond A. Moody JR.
My Grandma was clinically dead for a small amount of time, she says she doesn't remember anything but she said it was very peaceful.
I died for a very short period due to a drug overdose, before passing out all  remember was lying on my bathroom floor sweating profusely. My roommate found me and called an amblance. I had stopped breathing a few minutes before they arrived then my heart stopped, thankfully they were able to revive me.

I don't remember anything about the dying part or the hospital stay, it's what happend when I got home that I remember well and it freaked me the hell out. You see the week prior I had burned a quarter size hole in my couch armrest with my cigarette while playing a video game, now that hole was gone, like nothing happened. At the time I burned it I had friends over and we tried to make the burn hole as least noticeable as possible, but there is only so much you can do.

Anyways when I first noticed it was gone I thought I was having a psychiatric breakdown. Did someone come in and switch out my couch? I couldnt wrap my head around it, I know it's such a small inconsequential thing but it's such a strange feeling to be so sure of something happening and yet there in no proof it ever existed. So I ask all my frinds if they remembered and of course no one did, so I moved on, tho always thinking about how strange that was. About two or so weeks later I was sitting in the same spot playing some game and smoking a cigarette, wouldn't you know it I burned a hole in the exact same spot as I remembered before. That was a little freaky. Unlucky for me this one hasn't disappeared.



 
Nothing. Like sleep but with no dreams. Coming back was confusing just because it's really weird to have people telling you that you died.
Spoke to a friend who had passed 3 months earlier. That's all
I was a baby in a plastic enclosure,  starting up at people as they walked by.  Then i woke up.
I tried to look but there's nothing, I tried to breath but no air was inhaled/exhaled, it kinda feels like a constant state of drowning.
I don't know if I was clinically dead but I was in a pretty bad accident a few years back, I stopped breathing in the ambulance a few times. The couple times I could feel myself slipping it was like the scene from Doctor Strange when he gets slammed out of his body by the master, only instead of trippy colors it was like getting slammed into complete nothingness. It felt like an impossibly heaving weight building over my body then WHAM gone. Coming back was the weirdest part though, the best description i can come up with is that I knew I wasn't in a good spot without really understanding what was happening, it was like I was fighting my own body and I've never put up a fight like I did that day
[removed]
Don't remember. 
My friend described it as "clinically dead" but he may be wrong. I brought back lots of vodka and shot glasses from Russia and me and some friends were drinking it.

We first didn't realise that the shotglasses were double instead of single and were having rounds every few mins.

We started drinking at 3pm, I blacked out by 6pm beside my toilet and opened my eyes at 2am. Nothing but blackness
[removed]
Sorry to inform you, but there is no other side... All ' I recall' is nothingness 
there is no other side
Upvote because I hope this is what it's like. 
This happened to my father. He told me that it was just black and he had the most peaceful, weightless feeling. Then a pinhole of light opened and continued opening back to the world and he said he felt himself "sink" back into his body and that it felt like it weighed a million pounds. 
I had a trip once like this. I closed my eyes and could simultaneously feel all of the pain and joy in the world at once. I could see universes expanding and collapsing over and over. I could hear all of the laughter and all of the crying. I was suspended in time. I felt nothing and everything. I have never experienced anything like that again, but I hope that I do. 


I hope this doesn't get lost in the sea of replies to this comment. You described exactly what I saw on my first and only shroom trip. I always discribed it as a self aware ball of colorless light floating in a vast eternity of nothing, projecting into my mind every experience of every human who ever lived or ever will live all at once. It felt like home, like no matter where we are on the planet or universe we still never leave this place.

Holy shit, I've never read anyone describe that same experience. It was life changing and humbling. I came out of it a completely different person.
[removed]
I remember it too as a child, the vast nothingness. You can't describe it because it is absolutely nothing. I don't quite remember how coming back felt, for me it was just like you woke up from a dream. A dream that felt like an eternity and a blink of an eye at the same time consisting of nothing.
I remember reading somewhere that when your brain is starved of oxygen nearly all of the neurons fire simultaneously in a last attempt to stay alive. I wonder if this is what causes these near death experiences. 
The human capacity for mystical experiences really is just fascinating. 
Sounds like a DMT trip
When I read this, my first, second, and last thought is going into light speed in the Millennium Falcon. 
Someone I knew had that "void" happen to them while tripping. It was black, and there were these nebulae cloudlike things that were the only thing visible, until they snapped back to reality. They said it was a universe that would consistently timelapse from beginning to end.
I appreciate the fact that you understand that it may have been natural phenomenon not proof of religious beliefs
I'm not kidding and I don't advise it (eating livers and self-mutilation are big deals), but PCP gave me a similar experience - minus the light. An existential eye opening.
Try some DMT and you can revisit that place or become a seasoned practitioner of kundalini (transcendental) meditation
Probably due to the DMT releasing in your brain. DMT is some cray cray 
[removed]
I was once reaaaaaaaly high and that's what I imagined too. A universal consciousness which branches out into trillions of things living around us. The branch has infinite disks around it representing the past, present and future of infinite possibilities and permutations of matter. 

And when we sleep, we can access the 'tunnel' inside the branch and experience 'us' from another universe for a short while. A universe with different laws of physics, a universe where you can fly, die or maybe get laid. 
whats your religious prefrence if you dont mind me asking?
I would like to give my two cents on this issue, so if you want to feel weirdly calmed and alarmed, read on.

I've never had anything close to a near death experience, but I've shared with the entirety of my people one of the most binding states- the nothingness from before birth. That's what I imagine death to be like, and I'm comfortable with that.
Take a moment and just think, do you remember sleeping last night, the space between suddenly losing consciousness   and then waking back up in the morning? No? Neither do I. That's one of two reasons I don't feel any fear when I'm eventually confronted with the inevitable, cause I won't be able to experience it. It's a state of complete peace, where all the worldly worries that you carry in your waking hours are lifted and you can finally rest without worrying about losing time, because it's already gone.
The second reason I'm not afraid of death is because once I go, it's like everyone else is going with me. And technically that's true, because all the thoughts I have about people who exist will go with me, and those aren't shared with anyone else exactly like they are with me. So I'm holding hands with everyone, everything, my family, friends, pets, aliens, home, cities, and planets and we're all jumping into the void, not one by one, but all at once. That's the kind of togetherness you can only hope for in your life.
Close your eyes for one second. That's what eternity feels like. 



This was my experience when I ate eleven grams of shooms.
DMT does some awesome shit. Or whatever the chemical is.
No offense but this sounds like complete bullshit
sounds like life is just data collection for the collective conciousness
Do you believe in Jesus?
> I'm sure it was all just a hallucination brought on by the trauma

I was going to call BS until you said that. glad I read to the end
Logic argues otherwise, so stop spreading ignorance please.
>Basically all I saw was blackness, followed by many lights, lights became stars and stars turned into something I cannot describe.

That's very intriguing, because another comment in this thread has a very similar description.

>Suddenly in this vast nothing was a blinding pinprick of light that got larger. Either I was moving towards it, or it was moving towards me. As it got closer, what appeared to be a single light resolved into first one, then several, then millions upon millions of stars of all shapes, sizes, and colors, along with tons of nebulae.

Is this a good explanation of what you saw?
This is what my uncle said too (story below but this is the tl;dr) 
Your face hit the hood of a car at 60 mph with no helmet and you lived? Amazing. How was the recovery? Any deficits?  
I'm not worried by the 'nothing' reports, because we don't remember being born either, but we all exsisted during that. Maybe our conscious minds just aren't capable of interpreting it. And if it is nothing as it most likely is, I'll never know anyway. Hope you're recovered.
When you say nothing would you compare it to sleep (without dreams)? I imagine you were considerably more out of sorts when you came back, but I am curious in terms of not having any memories/landmarks from the time in between.
Since it felt like nothing, there was no time in between the accident and waking up?
ROSC twice after traumatic asystole? Bruh, you've got a heart that doesn't quit. 
do you remember if it hurt when you smacked into the car/ground? I am curious as to what one would feel. 
Helmets are important! I see so many motorcyclists without helmets and it makes me sad. 
[removed]
I posted too, but trauma patient here too. 

ABSOLUTELY NOTHING is exactly what I felt
Christ dude. Better wear a helmet and stick to speed limits now huh
Yep. I stopped breathing and came to in the ambulance. Nothing, absolutely nothing.

The idea of no consciousness after death is absolutely terrifying to me. 
Hope you learned you lesson and put on a helmet.
[removed]
[removed]
Great way to sum it up. 

Happy to be alive, dont give a fuck about death
Glad you’re okay, and congrats on being sober. You are doing great, and your family loves you no matter how upset they are. 
Oh wow, that sounds like an extremely hard situation. I'm sorry your family barely talks to you, but I'm so happy that you're still here and you're sober! 
Holy fuck, thanks for posting
So you don't remember? Or did you legitimately not feel, see, experience, or have any response to an empty nothingness?
[removed]
[removed]
Or you won't.
Or, simpler, it's what happens every time you go to sleep. Every time you sleep your consciousness essentially disappears. You basically die, then in the morning your brain creates a new consciousness with the same memories as the last one. You didn't exist yesterday, you won't exist tomorrow. 

No one is really afraid of sleeping. Why be afraid of death?
What was your near-death experience like, if you don't mind my asking? What happened to you to cause you to experience what you did?
Reading this after doing just that really helped understand it. 
Another good way to imagine nothingness is to close one of your eyes, and you won't see black through it: you see nothing 
Can you elaborate on the last part, im very interested. Is it like the reality breakdown you get with psychodelics in any way?

>I also experienced the breakdown of my subjective reality, which is a far scarier thing to both experience and remember. 

What happened during that?
Do you mean like your concious enough to think but theres nothing to see, hear, feel, taste or smell? Or like a very deep sleep where you don't remember dreaming?
Can I ask you this? I was under surgical anesthesia once, and while I have no distinct memories, I do know that I experienced something. Like indistinct abstract concepts rather than normal thought, if that makes sense. And when I came out of it, I was acutely aware that time had passed (but not how long. Could've been ten minutes or ten years if you'd asked me then). Is it anything at all like that? Wouldn't be so scary of that's what the dieing process is like. 
This is fucking poetry, my G.
It was like that once for me... that void.  Yet I was *aware* within that void.  
What happened that made you die and become resuscitated to cause you to experience what you did?
[removed]
So you just saw nothing for a period of time? Like you didn't hear anything or experience any emotion? It was just a feeling of blank nothing for an amount of time?
I'm with you. Nobody knows what's on the other side. NOBODY. The best bet is that there is nothing, and I agree that's probably the case. But that doesn't stop me from hoping that there's something out there. I lost my sister 7 years ago. Rational or not, I want to believe that she's not completely gone. 
There's a lot of people in this thread professing about what supposedly happens when you die, but I'm suspecting that nothing even happened to a lot of these people. If something did happen, they would more than likely mention it. This question is directed towards people who have actually had actual near-death experiences. Not edgy internet philosophers and shit. That one time you tripped doesn't count. I've tripped numerous times and I don't pretend that it's the same thing as being pronounced clinically dead and then being revived. Come on people. If you are in this thread and you are doing this, you are a douchebag. If you are truly genuine, I'm sorry I doubted you.
What if the nothingness is actually hell. Not religious by any means, but interesting to think about.
[removed]
[removed]
I am really hoping that something nice happens for you today.  Look for it.
So you clearly remember the whole 4 minutes where there was nothing at all? No emotion, no anything? And you fully experienced this nothingness for the whole 4 minutes?
Nihilism, nothing matters, life happened by mistake, so might as well do what makes you happy while you're here.
I hope the fact that there is no afterlife only motivates you to make this life worth living every chance you get :) 
2edgy4me
did you feel pain when you were hit by the car or did you blackout immediately, see a flash? 
If you don't mind my asking, could you elaborate on what happened? What did the doctors say specifically about what happened to you to cause your "death," and what was the exact date that this happened?
Has anyone actually been frozen dead and come back to life? Like they always talk about I'm sci fi, is that kind of freezing possible? I remember hearing something years ago but assumed it was made up rumors
Exactly
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It is, the same thing happens when your brain gets starved of oxygen. Nerves just start firing randomly the closer they get to death. If something happens and your brain, for lack of a better word, boots back up again... the narrative gets formed at that point to back-explain the state it found itself in.  Its the same as waking from a "dream"... the conscious "you" that keeps the narrative that represents your sense of time working suddenly says "wtf, how did this get this way" and the memory of what happened leading up to that forms. 

Near death is really just waking up from a state of unconsciousness where the brain is also oxygen starved and left in a chemically and electrically unusual state.  
[DMT release?](https://erowid.org/chemicals/dmt/dmt_article2.shtml)
It's even better, heaven.
First time I did shrooms, I felt all of my emotions at once. Happy, sad, angry, etc. I cried for 3 hours, felt good.
My friend had an experience where he could feel all the pain of the world, and proceeded to trash his room in agony. You sound like you went on some Professor X in Cerebro shit.
*I had a trip once like this. I closed my eyes and could simultaneously feel all of the pain and joy in the world at once. I could see universes expanding and collapsing over and over. I could hear all of the laughter and all of the crying. I was suspended in time. I felt nothing and everything.*

Same happened to me when I had an explosive shit that I had been waiting for over 2 hours to do.
You know what... I've taken progressively stronger and stronger drugs over time, with the exception of just one, that I really don't want to touch yet. 


With most of the harder drugs, I notice that my pupils dilate. As that begins and the drugs start to take effect, things start to happen in my head. Sometimes good, sometimes bad. Trippin'. 

At times, in certain trips, sweating and pupils dilated, I've felt as if I've been surrounded by people, many, *many* more than were around me at the time. Even animals. Cats I remember. It felt, literally, as if my 'eyes had opened' and I could see everything. All of consciousness. It was brilliant. 

Now, I know that when you die, your pupils dilate. I wonder, that, if the very last stages of death, as your pupils *literally* dilate, your eyes really do open and you can see everything. Rather much like[/u/mysterious_baker](https://www.reddit.com/user/mysterious_baker) described above. 

It's that same feeling that I'm chasing with drugs. Some softer drugs offer it a little, weed and acid can 'expand your mind', and some harder drugs can open it a little more. It really was an amazing feeling. I just hope it lasts after my body is dead.
[deleted]
So you didn't even see all the stars and stuff? Just nothing at all? Like the indescribable nothingness?
I saw a documentary that explained the "light at the end of the tunnel" as your brain's activity receding from the outer surface all the way back to the base and the beginning of the spinal cord. What you're seeing when you see the "light" is the most basic functions of your "reptile brain" at work. It was fascinating to watch.
Many people can describe the room as seen and heard from above 
Any sense of what the purpose for it might be, from an evolutionary perspective? I mean, how does such a capacity aid in survival/reproduction? And if it doesn't, then why do we have it?
Raised Christian, went atheist for awhile, then Wiccan. Now I'm agnostic.

At the time I was on my atheist stage.
As a historical figure? Yes. As the son of God, did miracles, rise from the dead stuff? I'm agnostic on all that.
Kinda a dick thing to say dude. 
Read the last paragraph please; I plainly stated that it was a hallucination.
Yeah, it's very similar to /u/mysterious_baker 's comment.
[removed]
I had a dream once in which I died and that's exactly what I dreamt of. It's a pretty popular one I guess.
Or maybe, if you actually follow the logical conclusion, it is nothing, which is still not a concern as you have nothing to fear if you, as in your consciousness, doesn't exist in the future.
This has oddly comforted me
That's how I look at it, either nothing happens or something happens, if nothing happens, you won't be aware of it.
I feel like a liar posting this but one of my earliest memories is my hand swipe the air smoothly and see an orange-peach coloured background. i think i was still in the womb. Also i heard some muffled talking.
Probably means more like anaesthesia.

One second you're alert, the next, you're groggily coming around, wondering what time it is, how long you were out, and if everything went well. 
It's literally the exact same thing. The conscious you doesn't exist when you go to a dreamless sleep. It basically is destroyed, then rebuilt off your brain when you wake up. The only difference between you "dying" tonight and you dying for good is that in one, there will be another consciousness taking over your body and in the other, there will be nothing.
Correct. It's like sleeping and instantly waking up the next morning
I'm leaning more towards just embellishing a story. Traumatic cardiac arrest in the field prior to ems arrival then somehow being revived and dieing again before arriving at a trauma center. Then the trauma center being able to revive him and he's not a vegetable? Yeah that pretty much doesn't happen. 
[removed]
In Christian theology it's thought that once your soul goes to the other side, it doesn't really come back (except for very specific times like Jesus). Basically, you won't have visions of heaven then go back to earth because once you leave earth you're gone. I'm not trying to argue this, just explain why a lot of stories about going to the other side seem bogus to me.
> Every time you sleep your consciousness essentially disappears.

> No one is really afraid of sleeping. 

...I think I am now
The fuck you talking about? You didn't exist yesterday? Dude, when you fall asleep, your brain basically slows way way down...it doesn't shut off. That's why you have dreams. When you wake back up, your brain begins working faster to the point where you can function, form conscious thought and make decisions. It's like a car engine. When you're asleep, it's idle, when you're awake it's quickly firing on all cylinders and driving. 
> Why be afraid of death?

Because your memories and consciousness don't come back.
I've always thought of sleep like this, and it's how I imagine death to be like
 [Here is a comic with this idea.](http://existentialcomics.com/comic/1)
Last night I had a dream where I was walking through a Japanese strip mall with my daughter and a I lost her because she wanted to go to some other stores, then suddenly I couldn't get her on her cell phone because the number wasn't working, then for some reason I didn't have my pants on and was running around in my underwear.  I tried not to be humiliated but it was very stressful.


I've often wondered this.  What if no human has ever lived more than about 20 hours?


This... is so far from the truth. Your brain doesn't cease functioning when you sleep. In the morning your brain doesn't create a new consciousness. Brain function is maintained, albeit at a lower level of operation, throughout sleep.

That this can get upvoted is completely beyond me.
[removed]
Technically your eye can see (or rather, not see) the darkness. Your brain just tunes it out as "noise" because it is far less important to the safety of the body to see the inside of your own eyelid than the outside world. 
Whoa shit thats trippy, never noticed that
That's what I took it as. Not to hijack, but I feel there's the core "us" inside of us, but it's buried beneath society expectations and all of the baggage that bogs us down and that moment of existential clarity is shedding the baggage and simply existing as mentally free as possible in a window of time.
What he's saying is that in the end, nothing really matters. Just experience your one chance to be alive. Money, clothes, career, success -- all meaningless.  
It was a comfortable feeling. But I don't think my whole psyche was comfortable, just me because I was doped with dilaudid. 

I sent random texts from my hospital bed that I don't remember and some were dark. 
Meningitis
Same happened to me. I saw Tree, windshield, nothing. 
You've ever been under anesthesia? Kinda like that
The way I see it, since we don't really know anything about what happens after death, I may as well believe that something nice happens after death. Either there is nothing at all, in which case I won't be around to regret that or there really is something nice after death. 

I hope I and everyone else go to heaven or something personally, but I can understand why a lot of people don't believe in any kind of afterlife. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
[removed]
[removed]
Yo thanks
No emotion. It's too hard to explain sorry. But all I felt was literally nothing. I could say it's how an empty building would feel before being demolished and not knowing it
Melancholia.
That's basically what I was trying to say but I didn't want to say nihilism because it doesn't have the same religion crushing effect
Yeah. It gives me a whole new perspective on everything
I blacked out because of the force of the car and I did feel pain though for a long time in my head before and after I "died" but nothing in the state of death
06/2010 I think it was the 17th. I don't want to get into the details of it all but I will say that my body gave up. It's kinda sad but after it gave up I felt neither happy or say so I can't really be angry for it giving me that
Steve Rodgers.
No. The lowest core body temperature ever survived was slightly under 14 Celsius. There's a reason why freezing victims aren't considered dead until they're warm and dead.
We haven't been able to do it with people just yet. From what i understand a suspended animation of sorts has been achieved with pigs, and is in development for humans. Actual freezing is rather impractical though, as preventing the formation of ice crystals in the body requires reheating the body as quickly as it was frozen. Otherwise, you risk destroying every cell in the persons body. 
There was a girl that was underwater a remarkable amount of time (I forget how long... longer then all the stories I've read here) and she survived / was revived.  But the reason they believe she was able to was because the freezing water preserved her brain a bit when the blood stopped flowing.  


[removed]
[removed]
Only place I could find it not behind a paywall, but Penn and Teller's [7 minute video](https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ef7_1173822964&comments=1) on it answers these questions well... 


That's an interesting belief, I can see how it can be reassuring.
This has never been proven to happen, nor is it supported by any scientific evidence.
I don't believe in that. That said, I wouldn't be mad if paradise was real.
I experienced my whole childhood again, I watched memories play back of things I saw and pretended when I was 6, reinforcing what my grandpa always told me: everything you will ever experience is stored up in your brain locked away, you just can't access it every day.
Mushrooms are amazing in that way. After I eat them my depression and anxiety go away for a week or so. 
First time I did shrooms I went to Hell, not figuratively. Also my mind got locked in a loop and I thought I was going insane. Was *not* fun. I did learn a lot about myself though.
First time I did shrooms I thought my hands were two giant spiders
You try DMT?
What drug haven't you tried?
The dilation of the eye is an effect of the sympathic automomous nervous system being active. It's part of our fight mode - let's us see a little bit better so we can react better to close-by threads in situations with not much or no light. Hence this happenes when we're angry, affraid, horny, or arroused in other ways - or simply when it's dark.  Drugs can elicit this as well, but interpreting this as a symptom of mind expansion is wishful thinking IMHO.
Lots of corn. 
Nothing at all, just vast emptiness and nothingness.
That's actually the result of the part of the brain that produces your sense of position in space shutting down.
That was Thomas Jefferson's opinion too. He even wrote his own version of the Bible, leaving out all the mystical, supernatural stuff, and having Jesus just die on the cross, without coming back. I don't know if Jesus actually existed, there really isn't any firm proof. But there is actually an Atheists for Jesus group [site](http://www.atheists-for-jesus.com/).
If you have a hope for the afterlife, what has made you not believe there is hope in it in Christ?
You wouldn't have had light in the womb, your eyes wouldn't have been open and you can't form memories that early nor would you keep them for this long. Gonna have to give you a big Nope on that one. 
Sounds like a dream.  The womb is filled with amniotic fluid. A hand wouldn't move smoothly like in air. Everything would be as in underwater. 
The brain isn't able to form long term memories in the womb. 
You probably do remember that, but false memories are quite common especially in childhood memories. I have a few things I remember that I think now were just me mixing up dreams and reality. It's more likely that you dreamt it or just developed a false memory from the idea of what birth might have looked like. 
That may be one of your earliest memories, making you not a liar. You're just wrong in thinking it was from the womb.
I posted in another thread about this, I have this same memory and even can make up the patterns the little veins inside it did. I even remember the feeling of kicking and the fun I had while doing it. I can't describe it properly but it sure is a trippy memory, not sure if real or not but its still there.
Amazing! Do you have an photographic memory? I can only remember something happened at age 4, but only because I had an very realistic dream, the realistic dreams I dreamed total of 4, which one happened so far and I could confirm that another person dreamed the same dream and had the same conversation. So, I had an crisis because the dream where I died felt real.
This is how I'm imagining it too. It's like when I was getting my wisdom teeth pulled, I remember the doctor putting the anesthesia piece over my nose, I remember him telling the assistant to get his table ready, and then next thing I know I was woken up by the assistant and two hours had passed like it was a second. 
Is sleep different than that for you?
This is totally how I'm imaging it. Everything, then nothing, then waking up very disoriented. I got put under for the first time in April and it was totally...not what I was expecting. It felt like 5 minutes had passed when in reality it was like 2.5 hours.
You could have gone in a coma and woken up 50 years from now... scary.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
What did the parent comment say? Sorry haha
You may wish to tweak your theology a little bit, as the Apostle Paul did make the claim of being given a vision of heaven or actually being in heaven.
 If you aren't trying to argue that you can't come back from heaven once you've been there, because it is written in doctrine, then why do you find those who claim to have done that suspect? Your statement suggests you accept the original premise? 
I mean, realistically what can you do? You can't stay awake forever, and none of the other yous particularly cared about dying. Just don't read this thread while laying in bed at night.
What experiment can be designed to prove that the 'me' who woke up this morning is the same one from last night?  If I'm just a 'robot' who woke up with all the same memories, then I'm convinced I'm the same person -- but am I really?
yeah, really. I don't get why people akin sleeping to death. Your brain stops functioning in death, but it's still processing and going through stuff while it's sleeping. 
Yeah jeez, I'm kind of attached to my memories and consciousness
Wrong, I'm on my phone in bed
This. You can see the inside of your eyelid if you concentrate.
That's really interesting in a morbid sort of way. I don't want to downplay any kind of traumatic experience you had, so no offense if that's not kosher for me to say. But anyway, thanks for your response! 
So this happened twice? The first time, due to meningitis, you were sent to the hospital, and at some point, the doctors pronounced you dead but were able to bring you back to life? And in this time, you experienced the nothingness you described? I'm sorry if I'm probing too much, I'm just fascinated by the subject and I want to know the details.

The second time, where you experienced a breakdown of your subjective reality—what happened to cause that?
[removed]
I am personally very okay with that outlook on life because I happen to really like doing things that make me happy. But I think some people need more meaning to their life and it makes it a lot easier to find purpose in your life if you believe you're here for a reason. 

In the tens of thousands of years humans have been around contemplating their own existence, I think that's the reason religion is as prevalent as it is. Our lives are pretty comfortable now but it'd be pretty hard to go on with life as a middle ages cabbage farmer if you didn't have some semblance of a higher power looking out for you.
That makes me really happy for you! Life is short. Do what makes you happy.
That's hard science. The transition state between unconsciousness and consciousness, and how the parts of the brain that maintain your conscious narrative work is pretty substantially studied, and within certain bounds, understood.  The way those systems re-assemble the results of processing from parts of the brain -- all arriving at different times -- is why things like being awoken by an alarm, the presence of which seems to have influenced earlier parts of your dream -- can occur. 

Much of your brain's processing exists to do nothing but take inputs from all the various sub-processing parts of your brain -- memory, auditory, visual, olfactory, etc -- and create that sense of self and solidity. 

It getting tripped up is what causes auditory and optical illusions, things where you think you saw something that wasn't there, memories triggered by other sensations, etc. All dreams are is different parts of your brain repeating prior inputs to solidify the outputs from them. You only "remember" the narrative that gets created when you transition back to being conscious. 

Near death is literally the exact same thing, only your brain isn't working to solidify its responses to things that happened over the day, its doing everything in its power to protect itself from cellular death. 

That's why people see things that mirror what they expect to see -- family, deities... those are the things their brain has the strongest responses to when its needing to back-form the story of wtf was going on. If you're not heavily theistic, you'll see what others here have posted about -- lights, the tunnel, nebulae, etc... all things that are a result of oxygen starvation in the visual cortex, without a layer of explanation laid on top of them.
We can reproduce "near death experiences" with [regularity](https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=ef7_1173822964&comments=1).

It's not magic... Sorry. 
I don't know your childhood, but that sounds like a satisfying trip to experience.
[deleted]
For sure man. It was like a weight was lifted in the most literal way possible.
Damn I feel you, my acid trip had me locked in a loop. Learned a lot too 
Bad trips are not cool. Was it like that for the entire trip?
Damn, I've gotten locked in a  loop before but I couldn't imagine going to Hell. Do you think you could have avoided that trip, or was it inevitable from the start?
Happened to me too. Thought I had died and was locked in my friend's house and there was nothing but oblivion and nothingness outside and I was trapped forever in the house with shades of my loved ones forever. Also there were malicious subroutines that would kick in eventually where it would start off with something very subtle, like my wife stroking my arm but it would feel a little rough, then progress to sandpaper, then razorblades stripping off the flesh. Also thought my friend was Satan and I cried like a baby when I found out I could leave his house because I thought his punishment from god was truly unjust and was gutted that he couldn't leave with me.
Fuck that shit lol
Why would he pick christianity over any other religion?
What makes Christ the way over other religions? Plenty of the world truly believes in an afterlife that has nothing to do with Jesus. So what makes you so sure that they are wrong?  
Not who you originally replied to but I'm going to speak my peace. 
  
Personally, I lost faith because I got too interested in the mythology of it. I read the new testament front to back, tracked the origins and history of Christianity to their roots. Meanwhile I did the same thing for the Greek, Norse, and other religions. 
  
When I finally took a step back and looked over what I had learned, I found that I couldn't go forward holding Christianity to a different standard simply because it was more practiced. After that the facade just started to fall apart. 
  
In the end I hope that some form of afterlife exists simply because I find the idea of "not being" absolutely terrifying. I cant find any solid evidence to support an afterlife, so I do my best to make peace with that existential terror when it rears its ugly head.
False memories SUCK. Was telling people all my life about the time I went in a hot air balloon with my dad. How I couldn't see over the basket as I was so wee and I sat on one of the sandbags inside it. The smell of the gas etc etc.

Anyway, asked my dad about it few years ago and he tells me it didn't happen. Ever. Gutted lol need to re add hot air balloon to my bucket list
Boy, that sounds nice. When I was put under for my wisdom teeth, I think they went a bit light on the anesthesia because of my low body weight. I ended up being half-conscious for part of it, and in a lot of pain. I remember whimpering and trying to reach my hand up, only to have it forcefully pushed down, and then they upped the dosage.
Extremely. 

Even on a "dreamless" night (more likely one where I just don't remember dreams), there's still a sense of time having passed. 

With anaesthesia it's literally like a switch being turned off and back on with no real idea of whether 5 minutes have passed or 24 hours. 
[removed]
[removed]
It said something like "it'd suck to go to heaven then be hanked back"
TIFU by reading this thread while laying in bed at night.
....am *I* real?
That's why he said close *one* eye.
[removed]
Definitely have never had a photographic memory and I'm under no delusions that it's the scientific truth, just what my monkey brain experienced. A stream of extremely familiar but long forgotten memories. If you say it's compressed like a computer I'd absolutely believe that.
Yup I was stuck walking up and down stairs over and over again lol if I tried to sit somewhere I felt uncomfortable 
Essentially. At the *very* end it was euphoric, but I barely remember it because of how fried I was.
[Someone else asked me the same question.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6rcuom/serious_people_who_have_been_clinically_dead_and/dl4bzf3/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=api&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage)
[None](http://www.questionsfromatheists.com/2016/04/why-christianity-is-different-from.html) of the other religions have anything like the testimony of Christianity. The church is the pillar and ground of the truth.

The church has always been comprised of hundreds of individuals who all claimed to witness the same thing. Hundreds claimed to have seen Jesus in the flesh, seen Him perform miracles, seen Him die on the cross, and see Him resurrected. These people *were* the early church. They gave everything they had and even their lives to pass this message on to the next generation of the church. Those people are **thousands** that met with face to face the hundreds of people that gave everything they had to get that message to them. They saw that this large group of people had the same testimony of witnessing Jesus. They then received the Holy Spirit and saw the power of God for themselves in themselves; in miracles of healing, miracles of tongues, and other fruits of the Holy Spirit.

These people then passed this testimony down to the next generation of Christians saying, "Hey, we saw people give their lives out of love to give us this message-that they witnessed God in the flesh as Jesus and His power. We believed them and told us that because of our belief we would receive the Holy Spirit and we did!" There are thousands upon thousands of witnesses at this point. This is why Christianity spread throughout the world. This is why Christianity has spread to today. This message has simply been passed down generation to generation with the same testimony, that the people that came before us gave us this testimony in the hundreds, thousands, and millions. I am a witness of this today, that I have seen the Bible to be true in my life. I have received the Holy Spirit just as Jesus promised 2000 years ago. I have seen His power in my life.
Because he lived a perfect life and rose from the dead. Heck if you can do that then you sound like a pretty kool kat to me.
There's evidence of this as well as his miracles so that's where I draw my belief. 
There is plenty of solid evidence to support Christianity and therefore the afterlife Jesus tells us about. Though following Christ is not a result of an intellectual pursuit-can you imagine getting to heaven because you did enough research that you found enough evidence that you finally figured out the truth?

No, that isn't how salvation in Christianity works at all. It's all about your willingness to repent of sin and live your life for Christ. A man willing to repent sees the truth in Christ preached throughout the world and sees it easily. I laugh when I remember looking through my own eyes as an atheist and not being able to see Him and now Jesus being as obvious as the sun overhead. 

As for the man unwilling to repent, no proof, evidence, nothing can make them change their mind and believe, for to believe is to admit they are evil and must change their ways. These are the things Christ tells us over and over in scripture-if we are to consider that our very creator may have indeed walked the earth in the flesh, died for our sins, and rose from the dead we have to approach it from this perspective-that only our sin is separating us from Christ. 
This is absolutely correct. 
[removed]
[removed]
Paul's Epistles were written much earlier than the gospels, and claimed that his sources were from no human and only indirect revelations (galatians 1:11-12). So how can you claim that what was passed down was first hand evidence of him ever existing? How come most sources fail to even identify themselves or even talk about their sources, how can you say Jesus was even more than a symbolical figure? 
You're in the wrong sub dude.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
The same people that gave their lives and testified of Christ also testify to the validity of scripture. 
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Validity based on word of mouth? How come no one wrote of Jesus and his miracles during his life, why did so many years pass before the scriptures. 

Also Islam has plenty of martyrs that will claim the validity of their text. Is it not the same? Where do we draw the line?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[Serious] People who have been clinically dead and came back, how was the other side like?

Our CFO asked me to hack in to the website of a photographer who had taken erotic pregnancy photos of him and his wife.  Apparently the photographer was pulling a bait 'n switch and had jacked up the price, and the CFO felt entitled to steal them for free.

I was going to tell him it was unlikely I could just "hack" the site, because it's not like in the movies...  but he showed me a sample image, and goddamn it, the image  source was like gallery.cgi?filename=img123413515.jpg&watermark=true&size=small.   What are the odds?

I told him I could do it, but he said that due to the sensitive nature of the content, I couldn't work on my own computer, or leave his office until it was done, and I had to swear to secrecy.  Also, he never got up from the only chair, so I had to kneel at his computer, installing perl and wget and teasing out the numbering system for the pictures.

30 minutes later I staggered back into the cubicle farm, and my fellow programmers were like "what was this secret thing he wanted your help with?", and I said "I'm not allowed to talk about it, but my knees are really sore and I'm going to go home early today."  One of the guys literally did a spit-take before I realized how that sounded.   I never did live that down.  (although I did memorize the URL for the photos, in case I ever needed those pics in an emergency...)
I once had to test our antivirus, so I was tasked with infecting a virtual machine with viruses. It was weird for an IT intern to be told to surf the worst of the worst porn sites.
I wish this wasn't a true story...

We were once having a discussion at work in which we couldn't remember who stared in the action movie XXX, so I figured I would just google the answer.

So I type "XXX" in to my google search on my work computer, but then I take a moment and stop and think "wait, that's not a good idea..." and after a nanosecond of consideration, I solved my problem by adding the word "movie".

I googled "XXX Movie" on my work computer.

...

It was Vin Diesel, btw.
I work in a strip club as a waitress and this one guy thought it was appropriate to try and stick his fingers into a dancer's hoo-ha. She punched him in the face and she was berated by the managers for mistreating a customer. Unbelievable. 
Mine is much tamer.  Had a coworker that used to wear fairly short skirts to work daily.  Every morning she would pop by at the start of her day and sit on top of the desk across from me.  Every morning I could see up her skirt, cause it was literally at eye level.  Pretty weak compared to the rest of this thread.
I worked overnight as a convenience store clerk when I was 20. A drunk woman came in and was thirsty but had no money. I offered her coffee for free since it's not inventoried or some tap water but she didn't want them. She wanted apple juice. She offered to flash me for some apple juice. I said sure. She went off camera and lifted her top and bra for like 3 seconds.. 3 great seconds. She went and took 2 apple juices... I didn't mind. She left happy, I was happy. It was a good night and all it cost was 2 apple juices on my tab. 
Not very sexual I guess, but when I first started working in the hotel industry, a Delta flight attendant took a liking to me and kissed me on the mouth unexpectedly when she was VERY drunk. After that, she went out for a smoke and I told the bartender that she needed to be cut off especially because I knew their crew had a morning flight in ~5 hours.

She came in and went back to the bar, and watching from afar I saw the bartender dump her beer and then point at me when she got pissed. I began helping a VIP guest get up to his room thinking that there was no way she could hop in the elevator before we ascended. False. She jumped in through the gap in the doors Indiana Jones-style and screamed at me about how I ruined her night, all the while holding her middle finger up an inch from my face. She got out on a random floor and after the doors closed, this fortune 500 CEO guest just nonchalantly asked, "What did you do, get her pregnant?"

Long story short: She was so drunk she couldn't remember her room number, caused a huge inconvenience for security, and wasn't listed as a guest at all on any of the rooms we had because of their company contract. She eventually made it to the room in the early hours of the morning, but because of her behavior our hotel property had to  contact Delta and I'm assuming she was let go or relocated because I never saw her again with our regular flight crew.

To answer the question, It's probably a toss up between that experience or the time that a mother offered me $500 to do a strip show for her daughter's bachelorette party.
I once managed to inexplicably get poop all over the back of my shirt after a mid morning dump. To this day I can't work out the mechanics of how it happened.

Thankfully I had gone into the cubicle wearing a jumper so i wore that over my bare skin as I walked back through the middle of the crowded office with my shit stained shirt balled up in my hand.

No one noticed me carrying the shirt; no one mentioned that I wasn't wearing one for the rest of the day.
I worked late one day and got back to the yard half dead. I forgot my wallet in my truck so I went back. When I went to the office to grab my keys my foreman was banging a hooker on the desk. I grabbed my keys and a road soda then bounced. He was always pulling bullshit like that. 
Fucked a customer in the disabled toilets when I worked in a bar. She was sober and up for it so why the hell not.
I once forgot to put $ in my Vlookup formula.
Handjob from a coworker in an open cubicle office during work hours. She was showing me how to use new software. 
I got on a pallet that was lifted by a forklift, that was in turn lifted by another forklift so I could work on something up high when our cherry picker was dead. 
I consistently see the naked bodies of people I work with. I am a costume designer and it's common for actors to change in front of me. I see tits daily. 
People who use public restrooms are animals.

I've cleaned shit off a wall.

Somebody shit in the urinal.

Found and disposed of shitty panties left in the women's restroom.

The toilet was clogged, and one or two people decided to shit on top of the clog. I had to help clean it, then we had to call a plumber.

(All of those happened when I worked at a grocery store, please be nice to those poor employees)

Found and cleaned poop on the children's playground when a worked at a zoo. 

I'm sure there's more memories that I've suppressed.
Had a manager at a sub shop that would send me nudes. I swear she could be a suicide girl... 
While working for a major company, I was working in a section of the building that should have been closed off. But my job function was overlooked and there was no where else to go. 

Basically a giant warehouse with a small office on the other side of it. Since the constructions was going on on my side of the building, I would enter through one of the side doors and immediately go to my office... and sleep with the lights off. 

I had a hardhat and a HI vis vest, same kind as construction, for lunches so people would not question it. 

One day I leave for lunch and come back to find out that the construction crews accidentally removed the support structure for the HVAC unit on the roof. It crashed through the roof and destroyed part of that small office. 

After that I used one of the guest computers in the other side of the building to pretend to work. 
A crazy homeless lady came into my job. I'm pretty sure she was on crack. She walked up to the counter pulled down her shirt and said, "Is my bra strap straight?" Sadly I saw more then her bra strap.

I was working at some big Canadian coffee chain when I was 16 and there was an annual meeting that the manager was organizing. I guess she couldn't find a babysitter for her son, so she brought him along. The problem with this is that he was actually a man in his 20's with the mental capacity of a toddler. The guy was easily a head taller than me and would wander onto the floor behind the counter, would come back in to the kitchen where I was baking donuts and would simply take it and eat it in front of me with a shit-eating grin.

Also despite acting like a toddler, he apparently had a sex drive, and decided that pulling up women's shirts and grabbing boobs and butts was a good way to pass the time. So here I am, a 16 year old trying to do my goddamn job when the manager's 21 year old mentally challenged son just decided to very firmly grope my butt. I turned to him and told him to not do that, and to not touch me. 

"Why?" he asked me, "I'm a man."

Yeah I'm glad I'm out of there. The manager was a miserable old woman anyway.
I was at my current job for about 4 weeks, my manager sitting to my right. Suddenly this weird house music is playing from his PC, I look up to see him grinning and turning the screen to me. Cue us 4 watching a playboy video of a lot of naked women on a soapy slide, chapagne, tits, the whole lot for about 3 minutes while people are still talking on the phone and such. 
I had sex with my GF at the time.

It was at GameStop (after hours).

We turned the camera off but it still had that fully glass front wall which was kinda cool I guess?  No one ever questioned why the camera was inexplicably off for a period of time.

The counter was super uncomfortable though.  Not great to be honest.

But at least it's a story.
I have mentioned it before but I will mention it again. Mixing dawn with bleach was standard protocol at this one place I worked. We did this in a small room with no ventilation.

For the record, most dish soap has a form of ammonia as an ingredient.
Someone brought a safe in for delivery and Aurora told them we didn't order a safe, so they left.
Said this story before so I'm just gonna copy it. 

I have a co worker that I became close friends with and we both have an immature sense of humor, During boring days we would send each other weird stuff so we always knew to use our phone and data instead of the pc to avoid HR calls.
So one day I was feeling rather horny and adventurous so I went to the bathroom and took a pic of my boobs and got out and snapped it to him, The look on his face was priceless.
I had a coworker at my 2nd job ever with radioshack that would offer bjs in the backroom for 50 bucks. Never did though, but a coworker did. 
Back in my college days, I worked at a Pizza Hut as a delivery driver and was sort-of-dating a girl I worked with, and we would pretty regularly fool around in the walk-in.


More fun than it sounds, honestly, because walk-ins get super cold.
Co-worker #1: I was making out with this girl and I noticed she had no lips:  
Co-worker #2: She had no labia?  
Coworker #1 and I just glance at each other.  How the hell did he get there from that?
As a horny teenager working at a supermarket, I jerked off in a bathroom stall once.
A lot of these comments in this thread are already starting to sound like porn fantasies
Someone wrote in an SQL query "Women Cunt" instead of "Count"
Sex in my office every Friday night. 
Surprised at the lack of restaurant workers posting here.
Food service is basically Burning Man.
Years ago a slightly drunk customer thought I was cute and she walked away she yelled YOU TO FUCK OR WHAT!!! I was fucking mortified.
I used to manage a charity shop,my girlfriend at the time came over once it was closed for the day and we spent all evening dressing up in different outfits and fucking each other's brains out. 
Had sex with a Hewlett-Packard technician...

Basically we both got paid to fuck.
Morning blowjobs under my desk.
Worked for a lawyer in a shared office with a few other attorneys. One of the attorneys, Albert, was a grumpy narcissistic asshole. Another one of the attorneys had a young female assistant named Isabel. We hit it off, and got drinks after work a couple times. She had a boyfriend at the time, but she told me she had been planning to break up with him for a while and it seemed like something could definitely happen between us. The asshole lawyer (who was about 20 years older than Isabel) took her to dinner, presumably as a professional guidance thing, but tried to kiss her. She was not having it. A couple weeks later, after she broke up with her boyfriend, we had sex in Albert's storage room on top of his old case files.
Posted this before...I used to be a store manager at sneaker/sporting goods store in the mall. One of my co-managers was fucking one of my teenage (underage) employees in that back stock room after the store closed on a regular basis. This was going on for several months apparently. I found out when said teenager came to me and she said that my co-manger promised her a raise that she never got. I asked her why he said that he would give her a raise. That is when she told me about the sex in the stock room. I had to call the police and corporate about this. We arranged a sting with help of the girl, as she acted out for the police that to meet up with my co-manger after work. Basically "caught him with his pants down" to use the term.
Used to work at a restaurant in TX called Jim's. I was in high school and just got kicked out of the house for being a little shit and taking my aunt's car to see this chick in the middle of the night. Anyway, I had to make ends meet to pay for rent and food so I started working the late shifts the restaurant would offer. There was a girl there who would only work those shifts because her boyfriend would work during the day and she needed the car to get to work. One day she showed up like 2 hrs late and she looked pissed off. I overheard her telling the manager her bf wouldn't let her use the car so she had to take the bus after a huge fight. Fast forward to the end of the shift which was around 1am. She was calm now and the place was dead so we are just standing around. Since she came in last she would be the one to close the store but since it was after the busses stopped she asked me for a ride. I said no problem. She said she would make it up to me. 
The store closes and I'm waiting in my car for the her to come out. The manager stayed to do paperwork. She gets in the car and just asks me if I ever had a bj. I had several up until this point, but still tell her no. She grabs my dick and starts massaging it till it's hard and then takes it out and starts sucking it. She did not have a gag reflex either, because I check or maybe my dick is just to small. So I cum and zip up. I then say well where am I taking you. She said, "don't worry my bf will be here in a min". So I took off when she got out.
Women are fucking ruthless.
Was working with my mom's boyfriend at the time during summer break. He owned a glass installation business. He asked me to hand him a tool I hadn't seen a concrete rivet gun before, of course I pulled the trigger being an idiot teen, of course the safety was bad him being a cheap ass on getting things fixed. Rivet barely missed his head. 
Was a teenage lifeguard for an indoor pool. Wild lifeguard parties were held after hours. 
Not my work, but once a realtor that I wanted to hook up with took some keys to an apartment he was showing that day and fucked me inside of it. While he was on the clock. Fucking in an empty apartment? 10/10 would do it again. Finding out that the realtor you were trying to hook up with has a micropenis, doesn't know how to use his tongue, and won't stop texting you after the fact because he thinks that one hookup means you two are bonded for life? 0/10 would recommend. Don't let crazy put their dick in you, folks.


Edit: You all are pointing out that real estate agents don't work on the clock and you are all correct. I wasn't entirely sure what his job was, as I said it was a hookup and I was not interested in getting to know him. All I know is I met him at the realty company's office he worked under in the middle of the day when they were expecting him to be working, he grabbed some keys under the guise that I was a client and he was going to show me an apartment, and we left. He probably could have lost his job if anyone found out. Don't care, had sex. Awful sex, but still sex.
Me: I wanna kill myself

Co-Worker: I'll join you
Walked in the shower room and Roger was whacking off with Head N Shoulders
Blow job in meat freezer.
Years upon years ago I put myself through college as a maintenance man at a public school in NYC. Dated a teacher at the school and did some NSFW stuff in the projector room above the auditorium... and the computer room, and the dark room in the photography/art room. 
Sex with a coworker in the office.

Watching a friend masturbate on webcam during work.

Blowjobs from a friend while I was on conference calls.
I had a coworker who had never heard of tubgirl. I told him how hot of a photo it was and that he should totally check it out when he gets home. Dude went over to his work computer and googled it. 

As I was helping a customer out, the whole store paused momentarily in response to the echoing "UUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH" that came from the back of the store. 

He stormed over and gave me the death glare. I reminded him that I told him to wait til he got off work.
I got a blowjob in the storage room at work at my last job. Girl had one amazing bubblebutt, could suck the chrome clean off a bumper!

EDIT: "job" not last "night"
not at that office anymore but gf gave me head on my lunch break in my car parked in the parking garage. thought we were all kinds of discreet until we got out and saw someone two spots over listening to music in their car and having a cig break.
Saw a co worker slap another co workers bum in front of me
chick tiddy fell out...
The other night on a graveyard shift at my place of work I was going from the front office to the kitchen to put some dishes away. To get to the kitchen I decided to take the short cut through the employee lounge. I opened the door and briskly hopped up a few stairs and heard the squeaking of someone getting up from a leather couch seat we have in the room. A coworker of mine seemed particularly shocked and was standing there, breathing heavily with a flushed face and neck. I asked how she's doing and, while adjusting her blouse, she said fine, just waiting for some stuff copies to finish printing. I said okay, playing dumb, and went to the kitchen. On the way back to the front I stopped by the copy machine and saw no copies being made, and am quite sure I walked in on my coworker masturbating at 4am.
Reading this thread at work. 
While I was on a ladder with my torso above the ceiling tiles, it gave out. I instinctively tried to hold myself up by my arms and pulled down some ceiling tiles on my way down. I didn't get hurt, but I take ladder safety much more seriously now.

As for "NSFW" stuff, not much. It was pretty awkward when an old coworker of mine made an inappropriate joke while I was doing some work under a female coworker's desk, in front of her.
People not wearing lab coats or gloves when working with biohazard materials.

Wear your PPE, scientists.
Walked in on someone jerking it in the commuter's lounge. Made awkward eye contact on the way out and they never even stopped. Haunts me to this day.
Worked for a company that did commercial/residential solar panel installs and whole house water and air purification.
This just absolutely beautiful Spanish girl came to work there named Noelia. We flirted and stuff a bit but one day she just up and kissed me in the break room...
Went real wild after that, having sex on the big oval conference table in the installers department at night since they weren't there, in the car quickies on breaks when I was at the office. 
It was fun for a while, but her parents hated the idea of her dating a white guy and basically forced her to date this family friend of there's son who was also Hispanic. Oh well it was fun while it lasted. Only chic I've ever been with that called me papi (spelling?) but I liked it lol
Going through r/gonewild. My work is boring.
Back when I used to work at a major big box retailer we had these huge racks of merchandise in the back. Normally to get TVs down you had to drag a ladder over and follow proceedure.


I started simply climbing them.


Climbing down with one hand holding a 40 inch tv by the shitty cardboard handle. 


Somehow I didn't fall and die.

When I used to work in this shoe department store me and a coworker had some fun. It was the end of the night and the store was closed. We were the only ones on the floor as everyone else was in the back doing who knows what. We had these aisles of shoes that went up to your chest area. This chick got on her knees and gave me a bj. 
This was before they installed cameras on the floor.
We have a cleaning guy here at my work, he comes in every once a month or so to clean up the grounds and makes sure everything is clean and looks nice. Well one day he comes over to me and strikes up a conversation and while he is talking to me a tooth falls out of his mouth...... at first i thought like oh that was some spit or something or mucus maybe. He just stops talking and turns to me and says "I gotta go my tooth just fell out" i was trying so hard not to laugh. He left and came back like twenty minutes later told me he fixed his tooth with super glue so it was ok. 
This happened to a coworker of mine while we taught together at an inner city high school. She went to the copy room one day and found two male students prison-pounding each other. As she turned on the light and saw what was going on, they stopped, pulled up their pants, ran out of the room, and one smacked the papers she was holding out of her hand to stop her from following them. She didn't recognize them and we didn't have cameras, but one of them left their book bag in the room which helped her identify them.

Two things stuck out to me about this event. The first was that this woman was truly one of the kindest, most benevolent "for the children" type people this could have happened to. The second was that the kid giving it was a class bully who called other guys "f*ggot" all the time yet was giving it to one of the loudest, proudest gay kids in the school. 
I went to work one morning and actually had a good time. 
Coworker grabbed my junk in front of the shredded cheese in the dairy section on a Sunday morning when the church crowd was coming in to shop. Did not enjoy, she no longer works here.
Well... One job (blue collar) I worked at used to allow internet access to the employees.  One guy viewed 80,000 porn links over the course of a year, so we lost that privilege.  So instead, we exchanged pornography by email.

That's the "tits" NSFW.

Now, same job, OSHA NSFW.

We put hot metal into steel cans.  Sometimes there was was moisture in there, which boiled and deformed the lid (...why didn't we let it cool down before putting a lid on it?  Huh.)  Anyhow, if the lid deformed, we had to replace the lid.  I was instructed to remove the strap that holds the lid on to replace it.  Well.  Steam is powerful, as we all know.  I pulled the strap off and the lid shot into the air, bouncing off the 30 foot ceiling - narrowly missing my face on the way up.

Corporate got PISSED when they heard about it and forced us to release the steam pressure by cutting a hole in the lid, and then removing the strap (which was the original instruction given to my supervisor).  It probably took less time to do it that way because it was easier to remove the strap without that pressure there.

Operators hate engineers (which they were pretty clear about when they learned I was an engineering student).  Well, after my experience working as an operator, and nearly being involved in several industrial accidents because of operator stupidity, this engineer hates operators.
When I was 18 I was doing IT work for a small financial services company/accounting firm. Basically I was converting all of their paper files into electronic files and doing IT troubleshooting in the office. 

One of the book keepers was about 35 but pretty sexy and she kept telling me she had trouble logging in from home so I kept insisting she should bring her laptop into work but she never did. 

Eventually I went to her apartment to fix a simple issue but she told me her laptop was at work. I was really annoyed until she started blowing me. 

This continued as daily head in the filing room and pounding it out in the stairwell till I got fired when rumor spread because she used to hook up with one of the managing partners and he got mad about it. 

Best job I ever had. I used to set the scanner to run on ultra high scans so a folder used to take 30 minutes to scan.  I got paid to sit in front of a computer and watch netflix while occasionally scanning folders and frequent get your dick sucked breaks. 
Hi I'm an EMT in the Boston area and I just wanted to share this experience with you cause it's kind of funny/weird/sad. 
So it starts as a typical 911 call. An elderly female fell and there is the is a possible head wound. We arrive on scene to find fire is already there and inside so we proceed right in. The old woman lives alone and fell, hit her head and cut it in the process and past out. She had woken up found her head was bleeding and crawled to a phone to call her granddaughter for help. It was the granddaughter who called 911. The base of her walls looked like a horror movie, her fingers leaving bloody streaks down the hall where she had crawled. (PT lived and made it home fine). So the scene was not great. We find the grandmother and start care, standard stuff. However the granddaughter is there too. And she is just flirty as hell, and not subtle about it. She was hiking up her dress past her * cough * lower extremities and towards her lower abdomen. And she wasn't wearing any underwear. (Also the granddaughter was in her late 20's). I did my best to ignore her but she was right there in my face. She was flashing myself, my partner and the 3 other firemen while he grandmother was being back boarded and collared, bleeding, right in front of her. 
I've walked in on my boss banging the secretary on the copier.

In his defence, he was married to the secretary, and it was a Saturday when the office was usually closed.
Our sql server databases are auto commit by default.
Was asked to clean out a coworkers PC after he left for a new job. Found nudes of himself and of what I can assume were his girlfriends on the work PC...
I work in IT. Sometimes have to work over the weekends. My manager is probably about 40 yo. I remember it was a Saturday in November; I had some work to catch up. My manager was not expecting me. We both worked in silence for a couple of hours at our desks. About noon, I get up to step out. She is changing her top and I could see her in bra. I was speechless and motionless with my pupils and the other thing expanded. She sees me and shouts 'Excuse Meeee!!!' and I run out. Apologized on Monday. She said, lets not talk about it. 
Worked for a catering company and this particular party had belly dancers.  Well, the belly dancers needed a place to change, the best place apparently being in the backroom.  Where I was plating salads.  One winked at me, it was a good day
Two female coworkers decided to bring some alcohol to work being as we would all be laid off soon enough anyway cause the contract was coming to an end so fuck it why not, we'll the Hispanic chick felt that she needed to show the black woman how to give some good head so they decided to pass my cock back and forth in some kind of cock sucking debate until I was properly satisfied.
I worked at a gas station in college managed by a husband and wife in their mid 30s. She once texted me and said she wanted to blow me next time we worked together. I never responded and I never brought it up to her or anyone else there.
I've been on a pallet on a forklift 20 feet in the air working without any kind of safety harness.
Booked meeting room. Fucked a girl there.
Walked into the server room to change backup tapes.  Walked in on the IT manager about to get it on with one of the other staff.

Just turned around and left.   

Later he mentioned is that the usually time we change the backup tapes. We said yes.
I was in the introductory meeting for the new Director our dept. Everyone from our team, some project managers and the director of HR were in the room. He started his slideshow when all quickly realized it was the wrong ppt. It was porn. The first slide that came up was of a dude who had just finished on a chick, closeup of the girl covered in cum and a penis. We all sat in stunned silence for a few moments before the new Dir frantically tried do something. He was in full panic mode and just fumbled around for an even longer period of time before someone finally walked up to the projector and turned it off. He mumbled some apologies and we all awkwardly filed out of the room. We looked back in time to see the HR director close the conference room door, just the 2 of them.
One time I was standing on top of an 18 foot ladder (actually on the top of the ladder- not on a step, but on the flat apex part that says, "DO NOT STEP"), and I accidentally cut into a live wire above my head. My intern unplugged it from the wall, so I could take down a hanging light fixture, and it turned out he unplugged the wrong one.

Dull wire cutters in my leatherman didn't completely sever it, so the electricity coursing through my hand and arm made the muscles lock down, and I couldn't let go of the tool, too. I don't know how I didn't fall.

When I told my mom about this, I said, "and that's the closest I ever came to dying." She said I came much closer, growing up, but was unaware of it.
Entered into a long term BDSM situation with a coworker, she was the Domme I was the sub.  What brought it all about?  Rihanna's S&M song which played on the radio during a long work related trip.  Thank you, Rihanna!  Fantasies came true and lasted a good 4 years.  Never discovered at work, cause the woman was a quiet, mennonite, "good girl" you'd never expect.  We also had another woman in our office who was caught having sex with a policeman in the building after hours.  So that deflected quite a bit of attention away from us!
When I was 18 I fucked my girlfriend in a lift shack on the mountain I worked at. 
While working in a mall, bumped uglies with a customer in the family bathroom.

Coworker and I tainted various locations in our office building with our sex sauce. We worked in HR. 
fingered a hooker at the checkout counter one night, lose virginity while still on the clock, and made out with a few chicks nothing serious. 
Contractor masturbated at his desk. Got caught by the DBA manager on xmas eve.
A woman I work with blows me on the regular. Like twice a week, sometimes with other colleagues just feet away from us. SAUCCEEEEEY 
Lots of sex with a coworker, all over the office.


Coworker letting us scroll through pictures of his demolished motorcycle and scrolled one too far.
Don't take pictures of your junk on your work phone, please.
My former Boss used to bang hookers in the office next to mine.... these were not nice hookers, but like meth heads. I could hear and smell everything and they would walk past my office door 30-45 minutes later all sweaty and stanky and act like nothing happened. 

The one lady only had eight teeth in her whole head. I met her at our front gate, and she told me that she was, "From the Bank" and was here to see my boss.  



A coworker was engaged, and was talking about the cake toppers. She had no idea they made queer ones, went to a computer, and googled "gay toppers".

Was not getting the results she expected
I work in retail, so basically, a looooot of BJs
"Bank run, back in 5" doesn't always mean "Bank run", or "back in 5".
I once had a job working at a small business, my former boss called me late one night and asked me to meet him at our office.
So i met him downtown he asked if i could go to the ATM and get him 1000 dollars, which i thought was odd but whatever i trusted him and we made good money. The next day i come into work, and he wasnt there nothing too odd about that. So then later he comes in and explains to me that he had gotten hookers over to the office, and that they had stolen some of his information and were blackmailing him. So at this point they wanted 10,000 dollars or they were going to tell whoever police, clients, wife........
So i go to get him 10K, come back to the office met up with the hookers down the street gave them the 10 grand had her sign a affidavit saying she would stay quite. Never heard from them again.
A woman I worked with used to walk up to me behind the service counter and fondle my dick and balls. She did this frequently while making eye contact and a wry, seductive smile. I took this as a sign that she wanted to fuck and made a pass at her. She recoiled and insisted that the touching wasn't sexual but merely "friendly." It's been over 10 years since this happened and I still have no idea what the fuck was up with her.
Walked in on two people having sex on a desk after hours. They asked if I wanted to join them....I of course said no, that they were lucky I didn't report them, and asked them to clean the desk before leaving.
A broken piece of glassware in a chemistry lab with people not using gloves.

Really not safe for work.
I once accidentally slapped my boss' ass. 
Used to work in a hospital... unfortunately not me, but A LOT of sex happens in the on call rooms.
This was my job at Pizza Hut. It was a girl's last day on the job as she was getting ready to move away. Literally last thing she did was take one of our delivery drivers - a really good friend of hers - and banged him next to the dishwasher.

Our GM caught them both, fired on the spot. I came in right as she was trying to get her pants back up.
Worked at a college library shelving books one year. It had a large government documents section, so it had to operate like a public library (i.e. anyone could come in). This was in a major metropolitan area, so homeless people would come in constantly. I never minded them so much until they used the computers. So much porn being watched. Saw a guy with his pants down. All of the workers usually just looked the other way. Too much hassle to call the police because there would just be another one to take their place the next day.
I was 22(F) at a new bakery job, 3 employees.  My hairy old boss 75(M) took of his shirt when it was only the two of us in a very tiny kitchen, turned his back to me, that was,  again,  VERY hairy, and told me to attach his electric pulsing muscle pain thing device (IDK). There were sticky pads wired to a box on his belt. He told me (did not ask me) told me he needed me to attach four pads to all four shaved areas on his back. "They'd be easy to find." 
I was terrified and disgusted and completely caught off guard so I did it, avoiding touching him and his disgustingly hairy back..... and it still makes me cringe that I did this. Thankfully, I went home and found my courage and the next day when he told me to do it, I let him know it made me uncomfortable and that I wouldn't. And then I quit shortly after. 
Worked at a fast food place with my girlfriend. One day I thought it would be funny to cover my hand in powdered sugar an slap her ass. Our uniforms pants are black and the powdered sugar left a surprisingly clear hand shape. She did not notice it and walked around like that for the rest of her shift. 
I sell mattresses and back when I first started I had a woman come in that looked straight out of Jersey shore. I built some rapport and based on her needs recommended she try a bed. Instead of just laying on the bed like a normal human being she proceeded to climb in the bed on all fours. With her ass facing me she looked over her left shoulder back at me and said "I feel like I could get a good fuck on in this bed". Being new I wasn't really sure how to respond so I just said "yep, I'm sure you could".
I had sort of started dating a girl at work (smallish store) and her mother was one of the managers or asst managers. It was snowing really hard when we opened, i almost didnt come in but didnt want to get in trouble. Her and her mother were the only two that came in and her mother had to leave to do something and left us to finish opening and see to customers. 

She was had issues in the snow and was gone for about three hours. During that time only one customer came in. 

We spent most of it heavy petting, oral and at one point some anal. (Gods loophole)  

We were young and dumb
People not shaving or trimming their beards to get a full-seal on their PPE when working on flooded, mold-ridden buildings that still use asbestos.


Big call center, a couple hundred people at cubicles in a big open space.  One guy stands up and without saying a word stabs himself in the neck with a pen.  Blood goes everywhere, people run/scream/pass out.  They sent us all home for two days.  
  
Another time, different company, worked in a big tall building.  Lady jumped off the roof and landed just outside the main entrance.  She basically exploded.  Brains and guts all over the front doors and windows of the first floor.  Rumor had it she'd been diagnosed with cancer and decided this was the way to go.
  
Those two incidents were pretty not safe at work.
I used to sell cell phones and service in undergrad. This was when smartphones were taking off in terms of speed and market penetration. One thing they told us to push was sports scores and such. They told us to get someone's favorite team and go to www.thescore.com and show them the site. 

I was not a big sports fan, and immediately brain dumped this info. 

A month or two later I had a customer in a football jersey, and I was super close to hitting my quote and getting a bonus, so I was really reaching. I was going to show him that site but instead pulled up www.score.com, which was a porn site at the time (maybe it still is?).

He liked that way more than football, and bought the phone. 
I would sometimes get bored so I would go rub one out in the bathroom.
Was working at Five guys and was on the line with, my then, supervisor and in the context of what was happening, said to her to not flash me on the line, that'd be wrong. She then proceeded to drag me into the walk in fridge and flash me in there. I still don't get it. 
This happened to me a couple years ago. I work in retail and had a guy trying on. Jeans. When I brought him a new pair, he opened the door just a crack to get them. As I handed them to him, I noticed his massive schlong just dangling from his boxers fly. Needless to say, I raised the jeans up a little and did my absolute best to ignore it. We still all laugh about it at work. Never thought I'd have another dude pull his dick out for me before I asked though. 
It’s an emergency.. I need those pics too
PM_ME_THE_LINK lol
Why does an image source having that name allow you to "hack" the site? 
Erotic pregnancy photos 
Just download free cursors!
*SWAT teams raiding the place entering from the windows*

Intern (*as everyone's being handcuffed over their desks*): You told me to!
Step 1. Type Porn.

Step 2. Go to page 10 of google.

Step 3. Click ALL the hyperlinks.

Step 4. ????

Step 5. Profit.
This is clearly fake. Why wouldn't you download some actual samples from reputable vendors, virustotal or malwr never came to mind? How are you suppose to test hoping that you get hit by an EK, but you don't know what it will actually drop? 
That doesn't make any sense, porn sites are usually among the cleanest of all sites on the web of security threats.
Did you get it in writing?  This sounds like something a "clever" boss could do.  "Hey noobie 'check' the anti-virus for me?" If he ends up not liking you, boom, you were looking at porn on the clock.
The boss probably just wanted to make sure he could watch it safely.
Similar experience here. Coworkers and I were talking about buying new golf clubs. One mentioned that Dick's Sporting Goods was having a sale.

Another guy says, "Oh, I should check the website and see if it's worth heading over there at lunch. OH DEAR GOD!"

Us: What?

Him: Their website is not dicks.com.
Similar thing happened to me at school in Business Studies class (totally irrelevant but hey). We were discussing old WWF wrestlers and I mentioned Prince Albert but the guy next to me had no idea who he was. So, yea, you can guess what happened next. 
So they're perfectly okay with sexual assault of their workers? That's fucked up.
This happens at the strip club more often than people think, too. A lot of my female friends work at the same strip club, and all of them have stories of men shoving their fingers in girls vaginas, sucking breasts, masturbating in the club, etc. And the bouncer will NEVER do anything about it. Occasionally someone gets kicked out, but they wind up right back in the next night. It's pretty sick.
Me ex-wife was a dancer before i met her. She always told me about the time a guy tried to touch her inappropriately so she stepped on his hand in her stiletto heels. She showed me the shoe that still had his blood on it. The heel went through his hand.
whats a hoo-ha?
I bounced in a strip club, that dude would have had a few extra bumps on his head after we accidentally bounced it off the door frame on the way out...multiple times.

Actually my most NSFW experience comes from that time.  I get a call from one of the dancer's boyfriend he's her ride home and wants to talk to her.  Walk back into the dressing room to give her the message: "Zoe you have a phone call...."  She looks up at me from between the legs of another dancer and says "Tell him I'm busy"

By the time I got back to dutifully let her know that her message had been passed along there were two more girls in the mix.  Unfortunately we weren't closed yet so I couldn't stay to watch all of the fun.

Edit* just remembered I got a BJ in the office of the movie theater I was assistant manager of from the manager while she was on a conference call with the all the managers in the region.  But the other one has more people involved so still probably more NSFW I dunno.
We had this new hire at my job a few years back. Pretty girl. Young and curvy. She would dress the same way showing about as much skin as possible. I think she used to be a stripper. Anyway, she was fine, but for whatever reason she always had this chip on her shoulder about other female coworkers hating on her and saying her ass was fake. One day she got into an argument with another girl who was allegedly calling her a hoe with a fake body. Well she got pretty pissed. To address this, she got out of her seat, turned her back to me, the only male in the room at the time, and started slapping her ass in my face. She then began to bend over and twerk in front of me for probably a whole minute before sitting down and asking if "that shit looks fake." 

Needless to say she didn't last long, but I got a lap dance at the office. 
She wanted you to see. So many mornings of sexual advances and you didn't do anything!
I had a similar experience with an intern. My boss decided that I would train and oversee the overall work experience for our department intern who getting some school credit during the semester. She was a Junior in college and happened to be absolutely stunningly beautiful. I think she knew this and she'd often wear quasi-inappropriate clothes to the office: the skirt would be too tight and short, her button down would reveal just a bit too much of her chest, etc. 

Well I happened to have a daily meeting with her and she'd often have questions about our systems. So she'd pop over to my computer, lean on the table to look at my monitor, and reveal her cleavage. This would happen almost every day. 

As a heterosexual male, I found her to be really attractive and was really turned on, but I knew that I had to be as professional and appropriate as possible so I eventually emailed HR to explain that she had problems with dress code and personal space. At some point, they must have spoken to her about this as she suddenly started to dress more conservatively. A week or two after this change, one of my colleagues came up to me to comment that it sucks that the intern no longer wears the clothes that she does. I explained to him that I was probably responsible for it, and so he and the rest of the male colleagues in my department hated me for a very long time. 
I had a coworker who did that, and she also asked me for shoulder rubs while wearing deep-neck loose-fitting shirts.   I always felt like I was getting away with murder at how easy it was to sneak a peek, I literally never realized she was practically begging for it.   It's just as well, though - I wasn't in a good headspace back then, and if I'd boned her, I might have done something stupid like marry her, and I'd be in a much worse place today.
Hope she was a golden delicious and not a granny smith.
you had all the leverage to get so much more!

like you could have made her watch you lift your top and bra, and then things get a little out of hand...
You got robbed. I'm pretty sure you could have gotten more for less.
> mother offered me $500 to do a strip show for her daughter

Sounds like you got Step 1 and Step 2 on lockdown.
Why the fuck would the bartender out you like that?
You know that now we all want to hear about that bachelorette party.
I would like to know more about "$500 strippers".
You just pulled a cum box cliffhanger on us... you don't just pull a cum box cliffhanger on us like that...
Jeeze the airlines just can't make people happy.  United beats you up and throw you off the plane?  People are pissed.  Delta gives you a kiss?  People are still pissed.  It's lose-lose.
bro everyone noticed it
Whats worse is the fact that its very possible that it wasnt even your own poop.. You said it was a midmorning poop right? Well someone couldve very easily sprayed the toilet with their own buttbutter earlier in the morning and you just didnt notice before you sat down..
Was it somebody else's shit on the back of the toilet seat? 
How is this even possible? 
someone knew
"Oh God, Henrique shit on his shirt again..."
Upvote for road soda

Which one of you was disabled?
I'll just [leave this here...](https://youtu.be/dDZzl9AyXeg?t=1m15s)
> She was sober and up for it so why the hell not.

Ex-buddy of mine did the same while we were working a shift together, but he missed that important step. She was balls to the walls drunk. He got a rape charge thrown right in the face.

He fucking deserves it though, because he also missed the part where she is the girlfriend of a mutual friend, and would NEVER even look at him while sober. I also know her personally, and she is very nice. He was sober, and took advantage. He shat on our establishment, his friends, the law, and his friend's girlfriend, all in one night. It was pretty amazing actually.

 Cops came with the whole shebang, not a fun night. Did I mention I had to call up her boyfriend at 5 in the morning and tell him what had happened?

Yeh, don't stick your dick in blackout drunk girls who don't want you when sober, they have a habit of calling you a rapist, regardless of who instigated it.
At least you set RANGE_LOOKUP to FALSE though, I hope.
#NA
Can anyone explain why people use vlookup instead of Index/Match? I just don't understand. 
Oh, the errors that could've been made!!  The humanity!! Maybe you need to subscribe to /r/excel for some tips 

/sarcasm
>Hardware 

FTFY
I guess she was showing you how to turn software to hardware
Sounds like it's time to call OSHA on that one.
Ah. NSFW.

This fuckin guy
Fuck THAT.

I'm not risking my health or my life for a damned job.

Fix the damned cherry picker already.
As a corporate safety guy, I am so triggered right now.
Is your name [Klaus](https://youtu.be/-oB6DN5dYWo?t=153) by any chance?
... W..were balloons at least tied around your waist? 
*note to self* become better with design and colors and clothes in general....
I loved these momenta as an actor/stage crew from college. We had a group of male senior students who, any time they were off to the dressing room (during rehearsals, obviously not performances) would sing this barber shop quartet little number that just went "naked time, naked time, naked tiiiIIIIiiiIiiimmme." 

Very "Blue's Clues mail is here" but it never failed to make me smile. 


We were also at the American College Theatre Festival a few years back and our costumes from "The Odessy" were selected for the awards night parade of costumes. Great except our Helen of Troy was a study abroad student whose back home and I'm the only one in the company who can also fit into and fill out her costume. Que intermission as the 30-40 students involved in the parade excuse ourselves from the theatre to head backstage and change. They begin playing "Rock Lobster" through the speakers as we get to the dressing room (3 schools sharing "The Odessy, "Lysistrata Jones," and I think "High Society" one dressing room mind you) and by songs end, we had 15-20 students mostly naked jamming out together. 

Was a good night. 
If nudity is an expected part of your job then it is infact safe for work and not not safe for work.
The grocery store part threw me.. I expected bar.
Are you the dirty jobs guy?
Well, for what it's worth, I used to work in a professional firm and I saw a piece of shit on the floor inside the bathroom stall as well. My coworker saw shit smeared all inside the stall. Definitely done by employee(s), but they all wore shirts and suits and behaved normally on the outside, we couldn't even guess who she might be.
Have you ever considered a position with Waste Management? 
That's how you properly motivate employees.
Friend of a friend was a suicide girl and also did NSFW cosplay photo shoots whose nudes I had seen before I met her. Recognized her, pretended I didn't when I realized what it was from.
I miss the good old days of reddit when we could say "pics or it didn't happen" and we can get away with it.
She stole something
She wasn't wearing a bra at all was she?
>~~sadly~~ I saw more than her bra strap 

FTFY

^^^^^please ^^^^^don't ^^^^^kill ^^^^^me
It seems like his mom should have been more aware of her son.
should have sued tim hortons. 
I left Tim's after my 3 month probation. 3 months is all you need to get a grasp of what the service industry is like. 
At that age and up to that kind of mischief they do not need baby sitters, they need handlers.  
> some big Canadian coffee chain 

Very discreet ;)
> No one ever questioned why the camera was inexplicably off for a period of time.

Those things usually only get checked when something happens and they need the footage
30 seconds isn't usually enough for somebody to notice the gap in footage 
>I had sex with my GF at the time.

>It was a GameStop (after hours).

You're girlfriend was a GameStop? 
It's easy to chalk 10 seconds of downtime on a security cam up to a power outage. 
Did you rip off her panties as hard as you ripped off that kid trying to trade in his GTA V?
Oh shit, y'all made those cool crystals?
Yay mustard gas!
Literally NSFW, wow.
What.. 

Oh
best one
This guy
Safe choice.
Let's be friends.
So uhh.. you hiring?
Plot twist: OP is a guy.
What did he send back in response ? 
50 bucks and a side of free chlamydia? Sign me the fuck up.
"Our sex was so hot and steamy we had to use a walk-in to prevent injuries."

Now torn as to whether that makes it safer at work or not...
It was terrible. But not her. She was an angel. Always smiling... that's because she had no lips. But her mouth was still very much in play.
Labia is latin for lips, it's where the name comes from.
Well they are lips. And what the hell does she had no lips mean anyways? 
Once?  You've got to up those numbers. 
Few times, on shift
The top rated one now is about a guy with poop on his shirt.  So, *somebody's* porn, but not my porn.
select count(woman) from wives where status='ex' and personality='cunt';

woman

\---------

1
With?
Work-at-home employee?
Working hard at the office, again.
I always assumed the Waiting movie was a documentary.
Did a shit ton of coke in the walk-in during closing and fucked a waitress in the managers office a few times during closing as well. 
You to fuck
I feel like "YOU TO FUCK OR WHAT!!!" could be the new "You sucking?"
...or what? What happened next?
Old people died in those clothes
Isn't fucking the customer the whole business model of HP?  
*Glares at printer*
I wonder why you didn't just say HP
Did your neck get sore?
Bannon?
What school do you teach at again?
Now that's a way to get you motivated to show up for work every morning! 
This is a meta-NSFW: you took something that wasn't safe for work, contacted authorities, and made MORE work. It's NSFW-work!

(Edit to say good on you for doing what you did, and getting higher authorities involved.)
Was expecting something completely different until a rivot gun was mentioned. 
Someone link that fucked up music video

Edit: thank you!
I was a chicago beach lifeguard. Cops would confiscate booze from underage kids and give it to us, then we would rage face after work. 
Well, realtors are never really on the clock.  They work on commission.

Sorry if I ruined it.
Real estate agents have no clock. They're paid by commission, not hourly.

He could also lose his license over that.

Source: my mom is a real estate agent.
So did you or what?
PSA: Don't use shampoo as lubricant in the shower.
Roger was just trying to manage his dandruffy pubes. 
Can't imagine the shrinkage... 
Did you pork her too?
Coach Carr?
You have some good friends.
She sucking?
Did that signal to you that ass slapping was acceptable at this job?
Nothing says "Good job!" like a firm, open hand slap on the ass.
Sounds like a Redditor to me.
> This was before they installed cameras on the floor.

Weird. Ours are installed on the ceilings.
> one smacked the papers she was holding out of her hand to stop her from following them

Quick thinking on his part.
Fake news!
That would grate on me too, what a muenster.
yeah but was she hot
Yeah but how do you think the copier felt being used like that? 
first read it as bathroom and was concrened about you plating stuff in the bathroom.
Nothing serious
> They asked if I wanted to join them...

This has to be the correct move on their part. It's like the kind of thing I'd only think to say after the fact.
Of course?  Ha!
because if the URL says "watermark=true", it implies I can remove the watermark by changing the URL to "watermark=false" (and yes, it worked).  Ditto with changing size to large, and noticing that the pictures were numbered sequentially (with a couple of large gaps, but that's no big deal).

There are simple, common, industry-standard ways of posting images like that, in a way that would be virtually impossible to hack.  This guy's web developer just didn't know them, or didn't care (or more likely was just  using an off-the-shelf general purpose gallery plugin).
The URLs become very predictable.  You can just make a script to count from x to y, stick that number after the img and download all of those images.
do a google image search for that phrase.  it's more common than you'd think, not that I'd ever consider it.
Bonzai Buddy
Or McAfee
> Go to page 10 of Google

That's the deep web, right?
Reputable vendors. Hmm

"Why hello sir! May I interest you in a worm? It will track your keystrokes and send them back to us!"
*Legitimate* porn sites are usually clean. You're not going to get a virus merely by watching PornHub for example. Start clicking some of the ads, and then following that trail around several smaller sites though and you'll eventually find ads featuring sexualised virtual characters to download stuff from websites that are named like freegames.fd.ru/0G8F/988A/816E-6722.exe and are full of malware and trojans. 
Depends what kinda porn you're into.
I believe it is now though, or redirects to the correct website.
One fateful day in high school, I learned that there's a difference between whitehouse.com and whitehouse.gov. 
It actually is tho
Yeah it was disgusting. The dancers and the staff kicked off because we thought it was totally bang out of order. It's actually disgusting how much stuff like this happens in strip clubs and it's just brushed under the rug like it's nothing. 
Ah that's crap. We are quite lucky with the door staff we have, they always kick people out and ban them for pulling any of that shit. It just saddens me that people think it's okay to do things like that. 
The clubs I went to in my younger days did not tolerate anyone messing with the girls, getting loud, or drunk. If you caused any issues your ass went flying out the door. You would have been lucky not to have something broken as you went flying. 
A vagina 
Also known as manna-mana.
A bajingo 
"I don't know, let me see again."
SHE THE REAL MVP
Well did it look fake?
I'm gonna go ahead and double down on your stripper accusation friend 
twerk that body, twerk that body   
make sure you don't hurt no boday
That thought crossed my mind, but never went farther.  She was the kind of woman that you look in her eyes and know she's up for mischief.  But she was also retirement age, so I cut it a pass.  I'm sure she knew what she was doing.  
>I explained to him that I was probably responsible for it

Why would you ever do that? 
So, you did exactly the right thing by advising HR that the woman needs to tone it down; and exactly the wrong thing by talking about it afterwards. 
Way to be a jerk that tries to concentrate on working and improving productivity! How dare you!
Dude, never own up to something like that... sheesh.
They are right in hating you.
>  so he and the rest of the male colleagues in my department hated me for a very long time

And rightfully so!
Offer a bit more and you might get to see her pink lady.
Beverage leverage
My top and bro.... Ftfy
Don't begrudge a man what the universe has given him.
Shits and giggles
Asking the real questions
Yeah how in the world is he gonna just gloss over that one like we don't wanna hear about it?!
And after looking at his username, we want pictures, too.
Ah man i hadn't really considered that until now. Obviously they knew
I Can't Believe It's Not Buttbutter
Do you... Do you like, walk backwards into a bathroom stall? Are the toilets at your work brown? I mean, I'm not saying it's an impossibility, but I feel like there's a very slim chance I wouldn't notice someone else's brown before I go to town. 
My impression at the time was that it was my own.

I think it must have been something to do with the wiping motion as it went in an arc from back center to bottom right, which would make some sort of disgusting sense, being right handed.
Oh well...
Fuckin A right 
Clearly that poor woman
Best. Episode. Ever. 
Put 0 in please. For all of our sanity
\#N/A
Cause they don't know how glorious Index match is once you figure it out. 

Old school people teach other people Vlookup. And the cycle continues. 
Index/Match is better than single sex.  
Two reasons for me:

1) It's quicker if you have a throwaway spreadsheet or need to calculate something quickly (e.g. "I wonder how many of these users match the usernames in this other sheet") 

2) It's easier to understand, if the spreadsheet will be ultimately be maintained by the Excel equivalent of a muggle, and it's your job to train them.

INDEX/MATCH is the superior function by far, but sometimes you just don't need that horsepower. 
I learned of Index/Match and my life has forever changed.  Infinitely better.  I think people are just unaware of the awesomeness that is Index/Match
He was showing her his hardware
What happens on night shift stays on night shift. 

If everything works when management comes in in the morning, nobody asks questions. 
Or karma farm r/osha
I regret that I didn't get it until this comment.
Jokes.  We got 'em.
If your company has a night shift, they do shit like this, I guarantee it. 
Klaus + [this](http://i.imgur.com/vEwL1wI.jpg).
*note to self* become better.
This one time, at band camp...
🎵It's Naked Time 🎵

🎵We just saw a titty🎵

🎵We just saw a titty🎵

🎵We just saw a titty🎵

🎵Wonder whose it was🎵
I had to deal with shit like this cleaning bathrooms at a 4 star hotel in Cupertino.  The people who do this shit in public restrooms will do it anywhere and it has nothing to do with them being drunk.
It scares me that those people live among us and we have no idea who it is! It could be your best friend for all you know.

Or OP's mom
After I left she started fucking the guy that replaced me. He must've been very motivated.
You mean raise...morale.
Whats a suicide girl?
I don't think I have any without her face...otherwise I might. 
Why do you say that?
His mother was not a very nice human being. She SHOULD have been more aware, but i had it in my mind as a young teen that nothing would come of it, and if anything, i'd be reprimanded. 
Unfortunately I was far too young to realize that reporting something like that was even an option, and honestly, I was just trying to get out of there at that point. It's done at least.
Managers were actually supposed to do general daily reviews of the footage there.
am now ded
Nice
Yes.
I don't think that's even possible without breaking the sound barrier.
Link for those uninformed

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/BuF31
 
God that took me too long to get 
... i still dont get it
Sure! I'm always open to new friendships. 
Sucking, hiring, it's all the same.
No, I'm a dog. 

Woof woof. 
How do you get chlamydia from a mouth?
**FROGGY!!!!!**

YA UNZIPPED ME!

Ah Dr Mantis Toboggan  
Those are rookie numbers.
Do you even *porn*??
your mom!

ayyyy did I do it right?
He works at pornhub
his wife, he works at home....
It's shockingly accurate, actually.
Yes, customers are like that.
Yes, cooks are semi-caged animals.
Yes, people have fucked/do fuck/will be fucked on/around/near your food.
Yes, people get blitzed after each shift.
Yes, everyone is unhappy despite all of this.
Hello, future meme. 
Or what
Not in the same meme league, sorry 
Nothing she walked away, don't fuck customers.
New people may have been made in them that night too #thecircleoflife
And two young people really lived in them.
heh, that made me chuckle. Good one :D
Because an HP technician could also be someone who helps you to get the left-over sauce out of the bottle.

HP Technician could be fancy-speak for a Cleric.
We could've mistaken for Harry Potter
Good one. I will humbly accept that I set you up perfectly for that joke. Well executed.
Time for the electric underpants
I guest lecture at a university occasionally but I'm not a teacher
Hell yeah
https://youtu.be/6QFwo57WKwg

This the one?
Shit no answer... I wanna know what happened too!
Shh. It's a rite of passage to learn this one the hard way.  
I was in the meat freezer!
From blowjob to muff dive. 
George Costanza knows shrinkage. 

Warm moist mouth overcame cold shrinkage effect.
Yes, but not at work.
Well the boss wasn't mentioned so yeah
Yeah. We wouldn't chase anyone down anyhow because that could lead to a negative, physical confrontation, but I like how his thought process was, "Haha! There goes your precious *papers,* teacher!"
That was a pretty gouda one. Have an up vote. :)
She was like 85 ... no
this is the important question
except the herpes
Did you send a polite but ananymous "thanks for the pictures, your security sucks" email? That would've been fun. 
Oh god no
I work in malware analysis, and there are multiple vendors that sell legitimate samples captured  in the wild from various telemetry feeds (antivirus  reports, honeypot feeds) which is why anyone legitimately testing coverage for their antivirus wouldn't just browse random sites hoping for an infection 
You'd need a TROJAN CONDOM to prevent those Trojan viruses! 
Wow they seem to have payed a lot for this domain.
So does sportsauthority.com oddly enough
It wasn't always I think
As a guy, I honestly don't get it. I've been to a couple strip clubs, and the rules are always pretty clearly laid out; even at the club I went to that allowed touching, there was always a "no penetration of any kind" stipulation. Not that difficult to follow the rules, guys...
Yeah...I mean, if the dancer is comfortable with initiating physical contact and you enjoy it, that's cool. But it seems it shouldn't even need to be said not to sexually assault the strippers. That's a great way to get ignored by the rest of the girls too, so it seems counter-intuitive. Just relax, drink your beer, enjoy your company, and bask in the glory that is multiple naked women paying you attention.
The issue is that strip club culture is very different pretty much everywhere you go.  Some clubs, or with some dancers, that stuff *is* totally acceptable and expected behavior.  At one club it can be a 100% no touch affair, and at the next the dancer can feel like you're stiffing them for *not* touching (because you're not into it/not gonna tip them) And it's not like they put a "please dont fingerbang the dancers" sign up.
You the real MVP
Wait, what? Retirement age?
>retirement age

delete this
Yeah I was like ok pretty smart dude you don't shit whee you eat then I was like what a fooking fool
Yeah even aside from like getting other coworkers annoyed at you, it doesn't seem appropriate. Seems like trying to instigate drama by talking about who you report to HR
Now he complains that he doesn't understand why he wasn't hired.
didn't think i'd ever see a thread full of sexually implicit apple puns. 
Beverage leverage for average cleavage.
Manssiere! 
I don't think he was
I too would like to learn more about Magic Mike
This is going to be like the cumbox.

I am so excited.
Yeah, I remember. Hey everyone, remeber when Dave shit his shirt?!?!
They knew you poo'd
Spread. 
That should be a t-shirt 
Lmao thank god you had that Jumper 
Username checks out.
Are you related to the Minnesota 2poops? I think we might be related
She was by the time he'd finished with her anyway...
You ever fuck someone retarted?
Controversial opinion: I'm in favor of typing out FALSE in Vlookups, for the same reason that I'm in favor of Vlookups over INDEX/MATCH whenever possible. 

For most spreadsheets there's a 100% chance that a slack-jawed imbecile will eventually be working in it, find an innovative way to get confused, and mess it up in a way that will take you hours to identify and correct. 

Using simple functions and plain language delays this inevitability, by making it understandable to the marginally-capable morons. It's less efficient, but saves you time in the long run. 
I think people are used to using VLOOKUP and can't be bothered learning INDEX(MATCH.

That's my case.  It's impulse and when I'm in the midst of things I don't bother to slow down and learn it.
Odd that they didn't integrate hardware with software.
That's the number one rule for night shift workers
Ah, fair is fair.
We know they do. We have cameras. And fire them.

My company has hundreds of facilities all over the world though. It's so much worse in other countries with fewer regulations. But we're trying.
*note to self* don't do shit
You must've sucked at your job if all you got was nudes and your replacement got to fuck.
And my axe!
Funny that's what I named my dick 
Not the only thing that was raised ;)
Company called suicide girls, they do alt- girl pinups. At least I think that's the best way to describe it. Just google it at home.
girls with piercings/tattoos/body mods and usually odd-colored hair doing pinup shoots nearly-nude and nude.
Crop it out, then.
Ah, the old gross crackhead titty distraction. You got played. 
> *supposed to*

That's the key phrase, right there...
You and whoever was supposed to get the safe.
It's NSFW.
Oh shit, didn't think I'd get this far.
Can i get a copy of this pic ? For science purpose only
You sucking?
Boobs are boobs.
Bitch I'm a dog, roooof
Chlamydia lives in the throat. [It's harder to get that way](http://www.ashasexualhealth.org/stdsstis/oral-sex-stis/) but it's completely possible, hence why many sex workers require condoms for oral sex.
Lmaoo this is exactly what I was waiting for
+10 imaginary points to you.
!redditsilver
That's how you keep them coming back for more! Show her a good time... Whammy! Customer for life. 
Or someone who helps you fix your health bar after a particularly glitchy battle with otherworldy forces.
Harry Potter technician?
You're a good sport mate, have an upvote!
DO NOT WATCH THIS AT WORK

i repeat

DO NOT WATCH THIS AT WORK
W T F ?!
Oh man, haven't seen this in a long while.
TL:DW: Cthulhu monsters in a music video 
he ded
I learned this from body wash. Fucking burns 
The papers, or the gay children. You decide, Spider-Man!
A-nony-mous

That's how I remember the spelling. 
If the samples come from the AV vendor, then no real testing is happening. Why would the vendor supply samples it can't defend against.
Should have just gone by Richard from the get go...
We acquired them 
Didn't think that a no penetration sign would ever be necessary.... I am wrong.
Exactly! Couldn't have said it better myself! 
Yup.  Mid to late 50's, I'm not sure.  Never had any kids.  Took good care of herself, nice legs.  Talked about going to the gym in the mornings and doing weights/yoga/etc.  But still, never considered going farther.
Gilf material 
Bro!
This Mike is also as big as an ox, or so he claims 
You like that you fucking retard?
Are you asking me out?
I do my best to hide formulas from unwitting users. My work won't institutionalize well if I leave
No, it is "Don't talk about night shift."
Can't do it right?  Do it at night!
You can fire us all your want, but you will never get rid of our free spirits!
*note to self* Fornicate wenches acquire currency.
jilf
Or even better, google it at work.
What do I look like, a wizard?
It's a classic 
But obviously on fast forward.  The incident must have been too quick for the eye.
Hahaha yea most certainly 
doo doo chhh
I always thought S was for suitable.
I always like to go all the way. 
Just be cool, man, be cool.
Play it cool man. You're almost there
Thank you, thank you. I want to thank the Academy, my family, and most importantly, Mr. Hugh Mungus
You can only give 1 point.  Who do you think you are, Drew Carey?
She's still a customer but there's a lot of sexual tension between us.
I'm honestly a Reddit novice, at best, and don't even know how the whole upvote thing works lol
TL;DR?
Oh shit, I remember this one.

And totally watching this at work.
Retiring by 60? *sigh*
HIGH FIVE brother!

I don't have documentation or training in my contract. If they want that now, it will cost them.
It's basically the same thing dude lol
I wish they would fire me.

*drinks*
Janitor I'd Like to Fuck?
So meta
We don't know what you look like, that's why you're on Reddit (please tell me you're a wizard, that'd be fucking awesome)
I mean, I wouldn't be surprised. There's plenty of 30+ virgins on Reddit.
Send em over, I'll take care of it. Full anonymity guaranteed or your money back.
Bud, we want to see the tits. It isn't that hard to crop the photo. Just open it with the photo editor of your choice, crop it, or draw over her face, and upload it to imgur or something.

Zoom in on the good parts, leaving out the face and screenshot! It's not rocket science buddy, we're counting on you!
I need an adult!
What if I actually were Drew Carey?
She'd give a dog a bone!
Two boys two girls sneak into an indoor pool. Video becomes a symbolizm thing for depression/anxiety, and it gets sexual, vore-y, and Call of Cthulu-y
funny business turns spoopy business
> Retiring ~~by 60~~? sigh

FTFY
Drinking on the job? Gotta let you go. Sorry.
>*hits bong*
 
ftfy
This reminds me of the old safety guy at a company I worked at, a few years ago. We called him Mr Burns, because he had the voice, walking stance, health and even looked like Mr Burns from The Simpsons.     
     
He was 45.
I was think Job I'd like fuck but janitor sounds even better!
Eject eject eject
Do you prefer s13s or S14s? Or perhaps the highly sought after, however illegal s15?
I would PM you and try to convince you to rig things so that I get to play Plinko.

If letting you give 10 points is what it takes, I suppose I am OK with that.
I didn't click but your description made me realize that I've seen this.
retirement age at 50- where is this? The 1930's?

She is still working probably so go slap her on the ass and  do the finger guns at the HR department.
God bless you.
> Erect erect erect

ftfy
*Ejectulate*

FTFY
I like the S13 Silvia the most if its a looks competition. 

I own an S14 240sx. S14 se any year is my favorite chassis and suspension wise.

S15 has the best engine and build quality. I'm not into the looks at all though. The tail lights are wrong. 
hahaha water story mark 
Hahaha. Anyway. How's your sex life?
What was the most NSFW experience you've had at work?

Anything unhealthy like beer, chocolate, etc.  I don't consume a lot of it so buying the expensive stuff doesn't set me back, and when I do eat/drink something unhealthy I want it to taste as good as possible.
Toilet paper. Single-ply just means using more pieces at a time.
Sushi.
Sex toys.  I used to buy the cheap ones, but I've learned that with the exception of glass toys (which are quite inexpensive) pretty much anything under $100 isn't worth my time.  

Cheap sex toys are made of shitty materials that may not be body safe.  If they vibrate, they tend to be really buzzy, which decreases sensitivity.  They don't work very well and they're prone to easy breakage.  Expensive, well made sex toys are durable, safe and have good strong rumbly vibrations that won't wear you out.
Tires.  Always new.  Never used or retread.  

My wife doesn't skimp on the dog food.  All of her dogs are competition dogs and she is very disciplined about their health and nutrition.  
My cell phone.

I'll use it every single day for minimum 2 years, so I do a lot of research (about least 2 months), read reviews, watch product videos and compare different models of the same phone before I buy one. So far, I feel like I've never made a mistake and except for one phone, which died on me after 3 years daily usage, they are all still in working condition.
Eating out at a nice restaurant (to an extent). If you are going out to eat somewhere expensive, it is an indulgence. If the menu item that you really want is an extra $10 over the one that you only kind of want, go for it. You are going to be paying a lot of money anyway, and the bill wont sting as much if you are satisfied with your meal.

Of course, that doesn't necessarily mean go overboard with the most expensive bottle of wine, every appetizer on the menu, and dessert that you will only have two bites of, as the cost can get out of control quickly. Just saying that a nice dinner is not the best time to practice frugality. 
Tattoos. I could have got free tattoos in high school and college, but I waited to find good artists at reasonable prices. 
tactical assault wipes
Good boots. I work with a lot of heavy metal and it took seeing a friend smash his foot in cheap boots to get me to shell out a full paycheck on a pair of Red Wings. 
Knives.  A good kitchen knife is worth its weight in gold.
I learned to never skimp on the aux cable for my car radio. The cheap ones last about a month or so and then you have to deal with only one side of your car having sound.
Condoms
Firearms.
Food. It affects so many things from the simple pleasure of eating it to my over all health. It's expensive but worth it. However there are definitely some "organic" foods that aren't worth the extra price. 
Dog food. I swear my dog eats better than the rest of the family combined, but I love her and it's worth it.
Toilet paper, shoes, tea, PSU, motherboard, SSD, bed, meat.
PC Components. 
Anything that separates you from the ground.  Shoes, chairs, tires, mattresses, etc  
Soda.

Dr Thunder got his degree from a diploma mill.  Dr Pepper or bust!
TP and butter
Lint/Pet Hair Rollers

Duct Tape
Never skimp on shoes, mattresses or the tools of your trade. 
Headphones
Skin Care.
Alcohol. Last weekend I refused to buy a shirt for $15 because it is too expensive, but I later went to the liquor store, but I spent $60 on one bottle of whiskey. 
Never get a cheap power supply unit for your PC. A suspiciously cheap, barely-known brand PSU will mess your whole rig up eventually. And don't get an overkill one either.
Tires and brakes.
Ketchup. It's Heinz or nothing!
Garbage Bags.
Indian food. Cheap Indian food can often be nearly inedible. Indian food from a mid-high end restaurant is one of the most delicious types of food.
mattress 
Tools and construction materials
Tampons
Baseball Tickets

I'm first base, field level, aisle seat or bust baby! You know how challenging it is to slide past half a row while precariously balancing a beer and tray of garlic fries? Never again.
Spices. I got a set of fancy spices as a gift, and I'm slowly switching over our spice cabinet to the fancy brand, as we run out of things. 

The potency and longevity of the flavor is noticeably better on the fancy brand vs the store brand for pretty much everything. 
ITT: You get what you pay for and/or never skimp on anything, ever.
Little debbie snacks. The knock offs are fucking terrible.
Shoes!  Cheap shoes are actually painful to wear.
Computer equipment. I don't buy latest and greatest... But I always buy from reliable manufacturers.

Especially the power supply. A faulty power supply can kill all the other parts when it dies.
Car tyres. In fact any car parts. It's a big metal box that can do 130mph+ every part needs to be well made and a good brand. Tyres especially, as they're the only part of the car in contact with the road. 
Tools. 
Power supply
Climbing gear.  Honestly anything that is designed to save your life.  You skimp there and you will die.
Face moisturizer and the devil's lettuce. 
Things I use every day or very often.  Lots of this falls into the "things that separate you from the ground" rule too.  Car and related things.  Bed/sheets/etc.  Shoes.  Cell phone.  Clothes.  Soap/cleaning product. Contact lenses/glasses.  Food/cooking utensils/food storage.  

My rule of thumb is that if I use it every day it is worth spending a little more and getting the nicer version of whatever it is.  Within reason of course - I'm not trying to buy a solid gold spatula or anything like that.  But if it is something I'm going to be using daily if it is a version that can make my life a little easier it adds up to make my day a little better.  

My nice phone wakes me up in a nice way from my sleep in my nice bed with my nice sheets and pillow.  I have a shower with nice soaps. Dry off with nice towels.  Press nice clothes that fit nice and are comfortable. Make breakfast in my nice blender. Load my stuff into my nice backpack.  Hop in the nice car and have an enjoyable drive to work.  

If it is something I use less often like... my table saw for example - I'll get one that's good enough but maybe not super awesome.  
Amusement park tickets. I love roller coasters and rarely get to go to theme/amusement parks. Whenever I do get to go, I get the most expensive ticket that lets me skip the most lines. Totally worth it.
Tools.  Buy the highest quality tool you can reasonably afford.  It'll perform better, last longer, and you'll only buy it once. 
Mattress and bedding - life is too short to get shitty sleep. Some people sleep fine on cheaper stuff but my insomnia means I will pay any price to improve mine.
yoga pants/workout clothes. i pretty much live in them so if im going to wear them all the time you can bet im going to splurge on them.


^plus ^they ^make ^my ^ass ^look ^great
Anything for my animals. They aren't able to make their own choices, so I owe it to them to make good choices for them. 
Tools
Q-tips, they aren't even expensive but I'd be damned if I get ones the cotton swabs that fall off anytime I wanna clean something
Q-tip brand Q-tips.
Plumbuses
As an architecture student, and pen/ pencil nerd. Pens and Pencils! They don't have to cost a ridiculous amount, or be fancy looking. My favorite pen are those MUJI gel pens, and pencils are those Pentel .3mm drafting pencils or those black and silver pentels that have looked the same for ages
Paper towels. You just wait until you've dropped a plate of saucy spaghetti on your beige carpet and you spend 20 minutes crying into your shredded pile of stains and garbage towels. It's just not worth it.
Phones and laptops, I want my phone and laptop to work fast even when I use a lot of apps. 
Aircraft. Boeing or Lockheed. Stay away from cheap Chinese knockoffs. 
Handbags. I don't buy often, but a good quality handbag just makes my day. Granted working in retail I've never had to pay retail prices, but still more than a target bag.

Bras, department stores have the best fitters so far. Same prices as mrs secret but better quality. This can make or break how you look in an outfit.

Jeans, $15 jeans don't last as long. Jeans I buy are usually on promo and are $50 max but well worth it. I have pairs that have lasted 3+ years. 

Edit: but the most expensive thing? My moisturizer. Lancôme is worth the $100 price tag. I look young for my age, and it lasts me over a year. 
Bin bags. You don't want them to break and leave you with a horrendous smelling mess over your floors.
Motorcycle equipment.  Buy high quality (non LEATHER) gear, get a nice helmet (Schnell rated, not DOT), boots, gloves, etc.  
Boots. Cheap boots break when you need them to work. 
If your diet includes meat spend a little extra and go to a butcher rather than buy from grocery chain. The butcher shop uses local free range animals and will process it how you want it. Other general benefits would be the meat is hormone free, the hamburger is one cow not one hundred missmashed together in a factory and you help a small business owner. We don't eat a lot of meat so we pay the extra cost.







Anything car related, and also phone chargers. Third party is terrible for Apple products so I always fork out that bit extra cash for their branded chargers
Chewing gum. I need that flavor to last!
Pillow.
Fruits and vegetables. I always judge by quality rather than price and I'm happy to support local farmers at farmer's markets even if price is higher. 
Shaving supplies. Only the best things for my face skin.
Toilet paper. I refuse to get single ply crap. I dont wanna wipe my crap out of my crack with a piece of crap. I get high quality TP because its feels good.
Hotels. I'm a cheapskate, but staying in a good hotel is just sooo nice. I'll always pay extra.
Running shoes and running apparel. 


Charging cables
Toilet Paper
Noodles. My flatmate buys the cheap version and it's terrible. I spent around 70 % more but have really good Italian style noodles instead
Toilet paper... atleast when I'm low on it.
Q tips. The cheap ones have really flimsy shafts that are made of thin plastic that bend by just holding it too tightly or cotton that come out untangled if you rub them too hard. 
Underwear and hair products. 
Vacations
Gas. My car takes premium so, that's what I fill it with. The joys of having a nice car but expensive gas.. 
Tyres and Drum consumables. 
Shoes, bedding/mattress/pillows and underwear. 
Trash bags. When those break it's hell. 
My bed. Mattress specifically.
A good, well balanced mattress may set your bank account back a bit but goddamn is it worth it.
Underwear. 

Went from the big packs of Hanes and Fruit of the Loom boxer briefs to Adidas ClimaCool Boxer Briefs and other similar underpants. I'm never going back to wearing that Ill-fitting, ugly, sandpaper they consider underwear. 
Hair cuts - I figure it's like an outfit I have to wear everyday, might as well splurge on a good one. 
Tires.  
Car, bicycle, lawnmower...it doesn't matter. Only the best will do.
Sunscreen. I like to keep my skin baby smooth and the wrinkles away.

Anything you eat or wear, anything that touches your skin, anything you use every day.

Examples:

- Clothing, especially socks and underwear (high end undies are AWESOME).
- Booze, food, beauty products
- Your bed
- Your phone. 

The phone is one I don't get the most. Consider the value prop. Your phone is a computer, map, email machine, _telephone_, video game machine, lifeline, bank, airline ticket, boarding pass, notepad, and more. Of all the possessions you own, you probably depend on this the most. 

I see people making do with a piece of shit $100 android with a 10cm screen and I'm like ... why? Why are you doing that to yourself?
A tattoo
Power supply in PC built. Never buy cheap, same with Mobo.
PC power supply. Pick a shit one, and at best it fails and takes out some other parts with it. Worst case, burns down your home and kills you.
Quality tires! Don't just buy cheap ones, you'll go through them way faster and they're more dangerous if you buy used ones 
Vodka 
tomato sauce. living the pasta-after-work life is much better if you bypass the usual suspects and upgrade from a $2 to $4-5 sauce. 
Toilet paper. I had a roommate who bought the cheapest toilet paper possible, this is like half ply bullshit. As the saying goes "cheep toilet paper is like meditation, it gets you in touch with your inner self."

Soap, while not technically the letter of the question as if I'm in dire straits I'll cut quality, but that's not happened for a while. Once you get a nice bar of soap, I like l'occitane or Aesop, you'll never want to go back to Irish spring or Dove. It smells fantastic and you're skin feels so smooth.

Shoes. It's not worth having crappy shoes. Unless you're looking for some shoes to fuck up in the dirt, never go cheep.
Tires and brakes. 

Can't stop a car without both. 
Bass guitar strings.
Hotels when I travel. I want a good, clean place to stay where staff is attentive and I hopefully don't have to worry about dirt and bugs and stuff.
A PSU, when building a new PC. 
Toilet paper. I never go cheap with toilet paper. 
Flosser picks, I buy the more expensive ones because the cheap ones fall apart.
Dish soap. Always, ALWAYS, the blue Dawn.
Always get a good power supply. If it shorts, it has a chance at frying your motherboard, and, by consequence, possibly your CPU, and GPU
Your Power Supply Unit for your computer, if that blows, it'll probably take other components with it.
Tattoos...you get what you pay for. If it was cheap it will look cheap. 
Breakfast food. I can't eat in the AM so  breakfast is usually off the menu. When I do make breakfast foods I go all out. Waffles, omelets, hash browns, everything and anything breakfast. My friends got in the habit of calling it brockfast due to us getting drunk while making it
Computer parts. If it's too expensive, I wait until the price goes down. 

Body soap

One time I bought a cheap one and made my skin irritated so bad and I spent 1 week with a horrible rash 
safety gear and tires
Coats, got stuck once in a cold climate with a shit coat never want that to happen again.
Body wash

Shampoo

Shaving soap

Aftershave

Footwear

Mattress

Fragrances

Headphones
Quality dark chocolate and nice fruit and veggies.
Grandma's cookies from home Depot.
Anything that is used below the waist. Toilet paper, underwear, etc. 
Booze, electronics, and underwear are the first things that come to mind for me.
Ginger ale
- Patachutes

- Carabiners

- Ice axes

- Climbing rope

- Defibrillators

- Submarines

- Scuba gear

- Shark cages

- Anti-venom
Jalapeño potato chips. There is exactly one brand I like at my grocery store. All other food I'm doing the math on how much I'm getting for my dollar. That and my fancy mint ice cream made with actual mint leaves.
Beer, bread, coffee.
Walking shoes.
Tools. Cheap tools almost always cost you more in the long run. If you're only using it once, it's okay to go cheap,  but anything you plan on using often should be good quality. 
Orange Juice
Anything between me and the ground. Couch, chair, socks, shoes, tires, mattress.

I have an $800 office chair at home if that says anything.

Also, cooking supplies. Spend the money for a good set of pots and pans. Your food will cook more evenly and the pans will last longer.
My face cream
Tyres

Art supplies, I don't buy the most expensive, $80 a tube watercolors but I'd never buy the dollar store paint for kids.
That being said, I mostly do digital and its Wacom or bust for me, just paid off a Cintiq and I doubt I'll ever go to another brand after all the problems I had with similar, non wacom tablets.

Its my one splurge item. 
Quality of marijuana extracts, specifically BHO. People like to buy the cheap shit, and it's not worth it. Volatile solvents are used, and the nasty shit most people end up buying (sometimes because they are cheap, sometimes because they are ignorant) is improperly made and high in residual solvents. Not good.
Ice cream. I've tried discount brands, but none of them are any good. I'm going to spend the calories on something like ice cream, I'm going to spend the money to make sure I get the most bang for my caloric buck. 
tools
Kraft Dinner.

Never buy the off brand stuff, ever.
Other than some of the fine answers already here? 

Liquid matte lipstick. 

Other makeup, you can buy drugstore, and it works just as well as expensive stuff. 

But for matte liquid lipsticks, most of the cheap brands on me are too drying, flake off too easily, wear off fast, or aren't well pigmented. Or transfer all over the place. 

On the other hand, spend about £15-25 on a matte liquid lipstick, and you don't get those problems. 

^(Mostly. Some brands are overpriced for what they are.) 
My cell phone cases. I used to get the cheap ones on amazon. I dropped my phone and it cracked. Got the screen fixed. Ordered another cheap case. Dropped my phone again. Screen cracked again. Got the screen fixed again. 

I now have an otterbox and it's well worth it. 
To give perspective: as you get older, more and more things end up in this category (at least for me). If you get a job and have an expendable income, you start appreciating the finer things. I used to drink MGD all the time, but now when I get beer (far less frequently) it's good fucking beer. Used to buy whatever pillows/sheets to sleep in, now I want pillows and sheets that actually feel good on your skin.

But generally, shoes has to be up there. No matter where you're at in life, don't buy shitty shoes, they can fuck up your life so bad and give you back problems/blisters etc.
Catfood. My kitty deserves da bestest.
Winrar. I need the genuine shit. 
ITT: Everything
Doctors and Dentists.
Anything that is applied directly to my skin/face.

Moisturizer, makeup, etc. I have super sensitive skin, and the worst possible feeling is when your entire body is covered in welts because you bought the $2 body wash instead of the $6 body wash.
Rugby cleats. I never buy the cheap shit, $200+ every few years
Ammo
Airplane tickets. It sucks being tall on a 6 hour flight from LA to NYC.
Cheese. Don't buy fake garbage. Get some authentic in your life.
Tampons. Every time. Even as a broke student - I have NEVER bought shitty off brand tampons.
Sheets. I spend a third of my life in my bed. The $200 I spent on sheets is immaterial when they last easily 5 years, and it makes my bed so much more comfortable.

FYI: Really high thread counts are typically made from shorter cotton strands (cheaper cotton) so they feel more rough than a 300/400 thread count of long strands. Egyptian cotton is common because it has long strands.
toilet paper. 
Things that separate you from the ground. Tires. Shoes. Mattresses. Hookers.  
Potatoes. Just because of potatoes. 
Bogroll
Bedding. There's nothing like high quality sheets. That also goes for the down pillows and comforters.
I was going to say haircuts, until this very last one. holy shit I really should have spent the extra.
Bread, cheese, toilet paper, paper towels, beer, tires, safety supplies, ratchet straps, sand paper and more. Can't think of the rest, but I have a mantra of things I don't go cheap on.

*Also, garbage bags, tents..
A good mattress. You spend too much time sleeping.
Shoes and furniture, a high quality set will last for decades.
Bedding. I am very thrifty when it comes to how I spend my money, but when it comes to bedding (mattress, pillows, blankets) I spare no expense if it means I get the best. Nothing beats a good night sleep in a comfortable bed
Paper towels. Who cares if they're expensive when you buy them once a month?
Macroni and cheese. I once figured that the cheap, store-brand stuff (Market Pantry, Target's shitty store brand, in particular) couldn't be that bad.

Boy, was I wrong. It was absolutely awful. So bad that I threw it away after a couple of bites, and then sat on the remaining boxes for over a year before either donating it to a food shelf or throwing it away...or giving it as a gag-gift for Christmas. I can't remember what I ended up doing with it. I think the PTSD from that diarrhea noodle box blocked it out.
Basic hand tools, vacuum cleaner, personal defense weapons, cookware and kitchen knives.
Garbage bags. I would much rather spend 20 dollars on 10 trash bags than 10 dollars on 20. 
Chocolate
I buy fancy chocolates from a bulk store, & I only eat a few a week, so $15 worth of chocolate lasts a couple months.  If I buy the cheap stuff, I eat $10 a week 

toilet paper.  I only buy Charmin ultra strong.  Lasts forever & I only use a couple sheets at a time
Paper towels

I don't buy paper towels - I buy those fancy blue shop towels & use them in my kitchen.  NO REGRETS
Wedding/graduation gifts etc. 

For better or worse, such gestures can really set the tone of your relationship with the recipient. Got an obscure cousin who you don't know too well? Buy them a great wedding gift and they'll have a positive opinion of you for years to come. Buy them a crappy gift and that's all they'll remember about you.

You're basically paying for the chance to alter the course of your relationship, which can be a great way to mend fences with people you've grown apart from (or offended). Also a great way to cap off friendships that you've kind of outgrown.
Clothes. After years of buying cheap, trendy stuff that is gonna go out of style soon--I love buying clothes that are good quality that are going to be stylish for years now that I can afford it. 
Audio equipment. I'm a big music snob. Don't tell me your Skullcandy earbuds are better then my over ear seinheisers. They aren't. Oh and underwear. I used to buy mine in a 24 pack at Walmart. Now it's Tommy john or nothing at all. Nothing at all.
Computer. Whether laptop or desktop. It is something you likely use everyday and it will last way longer and work way better if you spend the money. I just built a new desktop and it runs lightning fast and can handle any game on high/ultra. My old one could still handle most things on high, but had some loading issues with games like pubg. For 7 years old though I could have likely pushed it another 3 years if I wanted to. 
Quality tires and breaks. 
Said before... but dog poo bags.
The extra 20p is worth it
Pc parts
Tools. I used to buy cheap tools years ago, they never last. I don't care if it has a lifetime warranty, I can't do my job if my tool is broke. I need something that will last. Lifetime warranty is a must on all hand tools, but I won't buy the cheap stuff. 
As someone pointed out on reddit last time i saw this quetsion asked 

Never skimp on anything that comes between you & the ground, Shoes, Tires, & your Bed!
Toilet Paper.

To quote something I saw on a bathroom wall "paper too thin, finger go in"
Footwear. A good pair of shoes or boots will last you far longer than a cheap pair, and will be far more comfortable too.
Sales that donate a portion to charity or something. Makes me not feel bad about myself for wasting money on shit I probably didn't need. 
Tea bags.
Toilet paper.
Anything to do with teeth. I had a bad experience with my orthodontist and my teeth are in bad shape. I have a dentist that I like and does really well. Even though I can't afford all the work I need, what I do get done is done right
Cheese. 
Electronics - phone, laptop, computer, headphones, earphones.

If you spend £2000 on a laptop, it will be more than 10x faster than a £200 laptop, and it will last more than 10x longer - not to mention it will be 10x less annoying to use, and is probably built better.

Of course, there are laws of diminishing returns, but the trick is to find an equilibrium point on price:performance.
Deli meat and skincare products. 

I snack on deli meat a lot and I can't stand the stuff that comes pre packaged, it just doesn't taste as good and I don't want to know why it lasts so long. I love my weekly fresh thinly sliced deli meat! And now that I'm getting older, it's become more important for me to take care of my skin so that's something I splurge on. Especially my go-to for healing cuts and soothing allergic reactions since I'm such a hot mess 
Tinfoil and clingwrap. After trying the name brand stuff, I can't go back to the cheap store brand. Real cling wrap is amazing.
Hand tools.  There is nothing more aggravating than, say, a piece of shit screwdriver gnawing up a screw (and itself).
Toilet paper.
Tyres for my car. They're way too important to skimp on.
Gas. I fill my tank up every time. I'm going to use it eventually and it beats stopping multiple times a week to put the same amount of gas in anyway. 
Anything I use daily. Clothes, shoes, phones, computer, cars/tires, glasses etc.
Shoes and mattresses. If you aten't in one, you're in the other.
It usually satisfies you better too. I can have a single nice fancy ale and not feel the need for a second, but can drink a crate of cheap lager and want more. A single slice of sickly sweet cake, or an entire childs birthday cake.
If you're gonna do something wrong, do it right
only the finest pure colombian powder is allowed to touch these nosetrils
You didn't mention the level of unhealthiness. If you're getting something unhealthy, the cheaper it is usually the more loaded it is with preservatives, msg, sodium etc.

Example: energy drinks in South Africa. You've got Monster, Red Bull, Play. But then you get a range sold to poorer communities for like half the price that's become super popular. Their nutritional information is horrific.
Plus hops have psychoactive effects of their own and get you a special kind of buzzed. And the ABV % is up to twice as high so it's not far from the same cost for the volume of alcohol. Unless you're buying natty ice or something.
Are Trader Joe's beers considered skimping?
A friend of mine would say "even Auschwitz had two-ply"
Definitely! I used to rent a house with 4 other girls and we would each buy large packs of toilet paper to share. I always made sure to buy good TP, but there would always be this one girl who would buy the cheap half pile. Big pet peeve and would tell the girls come on and respect the pussy damn it
My roommate goes through one roll a week cause it's a single ply toilet paper. Mine lasts for at least 2-3 weeks. 
I've started using "One Wipe Charlies" from one of those monthly razor boxes. They are aloe vera wet wipes. They are the best thing.
true but there are less sheets in two ply. and two ply tp are linty af. and the one ply sheet texture when crumpled catch more.
`=D`
I think the go-to move for this is to buy the store-brand version of your favorite type.
Get in touch with your inner self!
"White Cloud 3-ply Ultra" is the #1 rated toilet paper by consumer reports. It is actually a private label from Walmart. The only thing I go to Walmart for.....
Getting cheap toilet paper just means it's like wiping a marker.
Get a bidet attachment for your toilet and it won't even matter anymore. A single 2 ply roll would last me alone a month but wife and kids treat TP like an unlimited resource. 
Wise.  That sushi they sell at the gas station may be cheap, but....
Price does not dictate quality. In Japan you can get decent maguro or hamachi for 100 yen
There was a great local sushi place that was reasonably priced.  Unfortunately, they were probably reasonably priced because they weren't paying there taxes.  When they told us they were closing, we had such a party to see that place off.
Except Sugarfish. That shit is expensive but doesn't taste good
i always avoid premade sushi at the grocery store. That said you can look for blocks of sashimi fish at the asian grocery stores. I make my own salmon or tuna don rice bowls. If I'm really feeling it, I'll buy a roast eel. For basically $15, you can make yourself a decent size fresh rice bowl covered in salmon, tuna, and eel. Buy the sushi rice and sushi rice vinegar ahead of time and it will last like 10 servings. You can also add some tomago (egg) and some nori (seaweed). 
My grandfather is a very sweet man, but dear god does he not understand this. He knows I love sushi, so every time I come to visit, he goes and gets some, but he doesn't seem to understand that there is a definite difference between $2 grocery store sushi and the stuff you get at a nice sushi restaurant. I've tried telling him that I'd rather go out for sushi with him, and I've tried just saying I'm not in the mood for sushi, but he's not a very good listener and I consistently end up with grocery store sushi. 
What vibrator brands do you prefer?
My gods, yes!  I work in a sex toy shop & the cheaper toys always have this funky terrible heavy plastic scent that I know cannot be good for you.
I wouldn't even say just "new" tires. Buy ones that fit your driving style and driving environment. I remember a guy in college with a Mustang that bought some sweet Yokohama's because he thought they looked cool. They were fat, summer rated tires that did great on dry pavement but any time there was any kind of precipitation on the ground he might as well of not left the house.
Your ability to control your car is directly related to the quality of your tires. Whether you're accelerating, breaking, or turning, all of those actions get transferred from you, to your car, to the road through your tires. 

If your tires are bad you have less control over the two-ton death machine you call your car.
Also never old tires that are still "new" unless you want your tires to suddenly crumble (yes crumble) on the highway.
Top-of-the-line Michelins every time
Agree with you 100%, also, engine oil and oil filter. 
Skimped on new tires, have been regretting it since. They run fine and have retained their tread well, but the road noise is making me consider replacing them already. 
>competition dogs

I can't help but read this and think they are all in a competition to be the best boye
Here's a good primer on buying the right tire:

https://youtu.be/dbMti7VQC1k

I am on the other side of this issue.  While I won't buy a retread, I can buy a used tire that is essentially new.  There's a sophisticated market of near-new tires from "totaled" cars.   
I commute 50 miles each way every day to a construction site.  I go through a lot of tires.  Even with warranties, I found it much cheaper to go to Chico's Tires for $40/tire in the long run.  I can inspect each tire, I'm not pressured into "replacing all 4", or even two for that matter.  I have 250,000 miles on my car and it is a 2010.  I don't have alignment issues.  I'm just saving a pretty penny buying used.
I did this with my laptop I just purchased. I haven't bought a new laptop since 2011 and before I did I watched at least 40 videos on comparisons between ones I was interested in for what I wanted to do. It's ALWAYS better to be stingy about it, since it has to last me for at least 2-4 years (like you said). 
Same, I upgrade my phone every year. Why not have the most up to date phone tech, it's literally the thing I use the most.
So what phone do you have?
So, which would you recommend? (especially for camera quality)
Any recommendations on what phones are good to buy currently?
I feel the same way.

Over the years I've seen so many people order a $22 entree when they *really* wanted the $28 entree just to save $6.  If you can't afford it then you can't afford it but eating out is one of the few "affordable" luxuries there are.  Within reason, you should always treat yourself when you go out to eat.

I extend this to food in general. Life is too short to not enjoy the simple things.  But it also means I tend toward finer foods and taste over cost and sometimes healthiness. 
Agree to disagree, I suppose. 
Yeah, if I'm putting something on my body for the rest of my life I want it to be high quality. 
I'm currently talking with a Denver artist and saving up 2 grand. I live ten hours away, but his is the best art I've seen within a days drive of me. I wanted to be able to give him all my ideas and let him turn that into something rad. But first I had to find someone I could trust. 
  The whole experience, drive included, will be worth a lifetime of something I'm proud of. 
And that's how you miss out on Shartmander.
Hell yes. Good on you for waiting, god knows what would've happened if you took a chance 
Had so many people tell me I over paid on my two or they know people who could do better for cheaper, I always have to resist the urge to tell them to fuck off 
A mere $1 million dollars!
It's important to keep your perineal region clean.
Never underestimate a pair of good boots. I recently did something *really* stupid while hiking alone in a remote area, and were it not for the fact that I was wearing very good-quality hiking boots, I 100% would have broken my ankle. As it was, I walked (er...hobbled) away with only some ligament damage.
Bought a pair of Danner Pronghorns several years ago for hunting. They are the best boots I've ever owned. This past season I ripped one of the lace grommets from its rivet. I called Danner and they told me to take them to a Danner dealer, I did and got a brand new pair of Pronghorns..... Customer for life. 
Redwings have been going downhill in quality.

I have a pair from ~10 years ago that I use for my motorcycle. I buy the same model every year for work boots. Style 2234.

My decade old boots have better quality materials and better build quality than a brand new pair. Better padded tongue, better liner material, better and cleaner stitching, etc. The difference is immediately noticeable. My current work pair has the left tongue sewn in crooked and the footbed had the cloth top layer peel off of the foam within a week.

And about 5 years ago Redwing switched laces to a style that refuse to stay tight. I replace the laces day one, now. I still buy that same model for work every year because finding boots that fit well is difficult for me. But year after year walking into that Redwing store I've seen the quality degrade over time.

Redwings aren't what they used to be. They're still leagues better than WalMart boots but I'm worried that they're going to Sears themselves.
Man I'll never go back to Red Wings. I've inexplicably worn out what should have been a five year pair in under one ($200 range or so). I've since switched to the Redback Boots slip ons and I'll never go back
Same idea at my work. I run every morning as part of my job and I cringe at all the new people buying cheap running shoes. You are wearing those an hour a day minimum, five days a week. Why cheap out? My shoes make a year as a running shoe before they are pounded flat and they become yard work and casual time shoes. You shouldn't cheap out on anything like that. Your boots are far more comfy, I bet, as well as more protection. 
The beautiful thing about good boots is how long they last and the fact that they can be resoled and be amazing boots again after you wear them out once.
Sam Vimes comes to mind :)
I dont even cook that much and i agree with this wholeheartedly.
I have been using Update International kitchen knives for years.  They are very high quality and low in price.  Now they certainly aren't pretty like a damascus steel bone handle rustbucket but they are functional workhorses.  Right now their 10 inch "cooks knife" is $20 on amazon but I have seen it as low as $14.  The one I bought in mid 2013 is holding up perfectly.   


Amazon Basics are pretty good, and cheap. Or Monoprice. Lifetime warranty too. Though the quality is questionable.
I've found this with almost any Chinese cables I order off ebay--almost like clock work, a month into use, an iphone charger, aux cable, kindle charger etc goes on the fritz.
I've bought a decent number of aux cables from 5 Below. The fact that they have them and HDMI cables is cool. The fact I've had to buy them multiple times is not. 
I can also confirm this. Four $5 cables lasting no longer than a month before buying a $30 cord, and that was over a year ago. Use it daily with no issues. 
I used to be the dude_at_work, but then I bought a Bluetooth receiver. Game changer, now I'm (forgot my username)
Great answer - for 1995 😀
Second that. Okamoto 0.01. Not cheap, but nothing comes close.
Same here.  When your life is on the line I only trust my hi point.  I want to know that I'm getting quality and I don't mind spending for it.  
But this Stoeger boat oar is basically a Beretta! 
Currently own Glock, Ruger, CZ, and Browning. Also ~~use~~ carry a Sig Sauer at work. Can confirm, quality firearms are where it's at.
I just get what fits my hands right. I wanted a 1911 for a long time, but I couldn't find one that was comfortable in my hand. Years back I injured my thumb, so I had issues with the location of the safety. Instead, I stumbled across a [Republic Arms 9mm](http://modernfirearms.net/handguns/hg/safr/rap-401-rap-440-e.html) that was perfect in my hands. I made some nice wood grips for it, and love this pistol. 
Pretty much all organic produce you would buy at the store and most of the farmers markets.  Stick to conventionally farmed as USDA certified organic doesn't mean much except a higher price tag. 
The implication being that you don't love your family?
I second this. My cat has horrible breath after supermarket-bought food. But when I feed him Royal Canin or Arden Grange; bad breath is gone. 
What kind of food?  Looking for a better food for my Akita. 
I used to do this to my neighbor's cat. Only because the pricier ones have better flavors from a human point of view
> Toilet paper shoes, tea PSU, motherboard SSD, bed meat.

That's better.
The PSU part is super important. I bought a 120 ish dollar 1250w power supply and the thing caught on fire after 3 months.
Power supplies especially. Don’t buy a high end CPU/GPU and then get a crappy PSU that will blow up and take everything with it. 
Noose?
This is why I never go out and just stay at home all day in the nude. Saves a lot of money. Life Pro Tip.
This is actually a very succinct and helpful rule. Thank you for this.
Hookers. That one $10 hooker is always going to be a better investment than the ten $1 ones.
Shoes, Australian here so the brands won't resonate for a lot of you, but I can happily live owning three pairs;

1x Blundstone for everyday 
1x R.M Williams for weddings, funerals, job interviews 
1x Dunlop volleys for athletic pursuits 
[deleted]
Somebody else had mentioned this a while ago, and I was just talking about it last night as a fun tip I learned on Reddit.

Small world or something!
Airplane
Tires. 
My dad taught me that rule. It's been very helpful.
Can't forget Dr Perky
Cheerwine or die.
Oh man I am the exact opposite.  Hit me up with that Dr Thunder, Cola O.
There are some store brand sodas that I can tell.  Dr. Thunder isn't one of them.
Most of the store brands are good, but I have yet to find the generic Sprite that does not taste like straight tonic water.
I don't know, man. Mr. Pibb doesn't even have a degree, but he can beat the shit out of Dr. Pepper any day.
And Mr. Pip only has a masters.
Related?
Add painters tape to that. The difference between the store brand and the Frog tape is incredible.
I read [pet hair rollers](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/x/pretty-dog-hair-curlers-23908603.jpg) and thought you were putting curling rods in your pet's hair. 
Just call it a day and use duct tape in a roll to pick up hair
Me too,I only use noise cancelling headphones. 
When I buy alcohol, at least for party purposes, I buy one excellent bottle, and then 2 or three cheap, terrible bottles. Get through enough of the good bottle and the ones afterwards won't matter.
A former friend brought a $70 bottle of whiskey that was amazing. It was 18 years old, and pretty damn delicious, and I'm not much of a whiskey drinker.

I recommend doing your expensive alcohol shopping online. You'll find a much wider selection, and the prices are often better.
If you drink it straight, go high price.

If you mix it, take the mid-price stuff.
I didn't need 1000w going in, but I've had the same PSU since 2012 and it has never had an issue running anything I've added since then. It's also the reason that I look into Corsair first when buying parts.
I like big stone cylinders and my heels for those applications
Here comes the meat wagon
Heinz is good. But Whataburger ketchup is the shiznit
From Pittsburgh, can confirm. I was born with Heinz Ketchup instead of blood.
All Gold is a good ketchup
Nobody wants garbage juice to escape.
It's even harder being 6'9", sitting in the center, while someone needs to slide past. Aisle seat all the way!

Depends on the park, plus sometimes it's nice to have an upper deck section to yourself 
I'm not picky, I'll take rf bleacher seats so I can afford a few more nine dollar beers
Step it up a bit and go for whole, dried herbs and spices that you can grind right when you plan to use them. You'll get the best flavor that way.
Or don't skimp on what matters to you. I don't care about fancy food at a restaurant all that much, and I'll never spend more than a few bucks on HDMI cables and the like.

But I'll never skimp on socks or bedding again.
I have never done this but I'm considering doing it. It's like 45 for a ticket and another 50 to skip the lines. It seems like so much money but I'll be damned, I'm sure as shit not going to wait 3 hours to ride a ride that lasts two minutes. 
So important
I saw a good "how it's made" on those 
My son is the only kid in his class with steadtler pencils and erasers. Caused quite a stir when one of his classmayes asked where he got that "fancy black eraser" lol 
My mom is the type who spends extreme amounts on pens. I think she spent like $485 for 1 pen. I couldn't believe it  
I have a stash of pens that I have forbidden my husband to remove from the house, and tbh I'm not that excited about him using them either. Fancy pens are like gold.
I don't think all butchers are the same tho... your local butcher could just as easily be chopping up that Tyson beef
Get Anker stuff for phone chargers and batteries. You will never look back
Apple brand chargers and accessories seem very cheaply made to me.  They always seems to wear away exposing the wires and eventually break after months of regular use.  I've bough chargers from who knows for half the price that last twice as long.  But YMMV I guess. 
What, just make sure you have a decent 2.1 amp brick and your good fuck paying 25 for a apple charger
The best phone charger I've had for my iPhone has been by iXCC. Haven't had to buy one in over a year and still no wear to it, plus it's only $7. 
Thing is, their food SHOULDN'T be higher priced. There is a a lot less logistics behind it.
I agree with this 100%. The facts that the wall are thicker, rooms are cooler and cleaner and I worry less about getting bed bugs
THIS!!!!!!! I threw away my SO's cheap ones when I moved in and replaced them with 4 huge boxes of good ones so we won't run out for awhile.
150% yes 
If you have the time, using the Britta filters on cheap vodka really does work. Filter several times for best results. 
> diarrhea noodle box

This will be the name of my new emo band's first album.  First track will be "Blocked it out."  
For the price of what I used to pay for a latte and a scone every morning, I can buy a new 12-pack of Fruit of the Loom undies & wear new ones every day.  Same with socks.  Laundry day is so much nicer.
To be fair you probably want more because you're now pissed. Nothing sounds better when you're already drunk than more booze. 
~~You can keep your fancy ales, you can drink 'em by the flagon~~

I also feel like paying more for the expensive stuff makes you enjoy it more. With cheap beer, you can pop down to the corner store and get another case of Natty Light no probs, so you don't worry about savoring it (not that anyone would want to savor the taste of a cheap beer). But you pay $9 for a beer anywhere outside of a sports arena, you're enjoying that shit for a while.
> would say

What does he say nowadays?
wipes clog your septic systems, despite wipe companies using a shaking tank of water to simulate a toilet flushing, which doesn't simulate a fucking toilet at all.
My bosses sewer pipes for the neighborhood backed up because of wet wipes. Water poured out of the toilets.
3-ply FTW.
This guy wipes.
what bro
That's just asking for food poisoning.
Yeahhhh, getting gas station sushi last month is up there in my list of mistakes. That food poisoning was a bitch
Lelo makes great stuff. I've had a couple of WeVibes that I've liked too. The Womanizer is also pretty fun and very different from the usual rabbit style.

I check Oh Joy Sex Toy on a regular basis for reviews. I find that they're pretty impartial, at least as much as you can be when reviewing something that's based on personal preference.
Recommendations? 
Also don't neglect the worst season. In you live up north and buy tires in the summer. Make sure they are going to handle well in the winter (if you don't plan on buying a winter set)
Excellent point!  
Might as well have not left the house.
Most summer tires outperform all seasons in the rain. Some summer tires are made for mostly dry conditions but my E90 M3 handles superbly in wet and dry with my current set. I do have a dedicated winter set too.
They are all in competition to be the best doggos and doggas!  Little do they know that they're all the best doggos!
Same here. I bought mine in 2010 and am still using it. It never had a single bluescreen, I finished GTA V on it, and upgrading to Windows 10 was also no problem.
Currently I have the LG V20 (H990ds)

It's very important to me that I can switch the battery on the fly. The cameras are amazing (normal and wide-lens) and the fingerprint sensor is out of this world. The second screen is also a very useful gem. Also: USB-C!
See my [previous comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6rcg1l/what_purchases_do_you_never_skimp_on/dl4affz)
Lol i do that if I'm eating out on gift cards. 

Like i really wanted the filet, but the sirloin didn't exceed the gift card, so I get the sirloin. 
(Looks at SO. Rethinks choices.)
If you don't mind me asking, whats the name of the place/artist? I live in Colorado Springs and have been looking for something high quality
Nothing worse than being 8+ miles out with a pack on and rolling your ankle. 

And im a light-ultralight backpacker
Have you gone to the doctors? Ankles are one of those rare body regions where ripping a ligament is actually considered *worse* than breaking a bone in the ankle. 

I should know, as my doctor told me he wished I had just broken my ankle. That's a month max of recovery. I ripped two ligaments in my ankle. I was in severe pain and couldn't put any weight on my ankle for a long time. Over 2 months on crutches, then another few weeks in a walking cast, and then months of physical therapy. And I was lucky enough to not need surgery. Just saying bud.
Story time! What'd you do? 
Any experience with their Heritage series? 
Unfortunately this has become the new norm with virtually every product out there. Boots, cars, guns, food, clothing: same name, same "look", worse quality...
I'm convinced that the only way Red Wing is staying in business is through company wide contracts. My company and my boyfriend's company both only provide one pair of Red Wing boots per year to employees. I asked my work if I could have a voucher for the cost of the boots to use on a pair of Timberlands, but they declined :(
Failing that, at least get a decent knife sharpener.  I had a set of cheap fuck ginsu chikara for years that I sharpened religiously and they did me well.
> Or Monoprice. Lifetime warranty too. Though the quality is questionable.

Never had a problem with a Monoprice product but every time i order something like cables i take 3 or 4 of them just to be sure and then end up giving the extras to friends and family.

It's not even worth trying to compare prices with "quality" brands, they're not better for ten times the price.
Amazon basic has the best lightning cables I have ever owned.  They hold up better than my official Apple ones.  
Yo, real talk: the Monoprice USB A to Micro-USB cables suck at charging.  Did I get the wrong ones?
AB's cables are awesome, but Amazon's policy on cables themselves is worthy of note. They're the only retailer I'm aware of that actually tests compliance for specs of the cables they sell, and pull ones that don't meet the specs. 
Well look at mister money bags over here!
well, one thing does...
HAHAHAHAHA!  Nice.
I see that you've been having some custom work done again...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjQk244oW9c
You can club the shit out of an intruder with it. 

Seriously though, I bought one of the early models (.40 cal) and it was ok. It took a few boxes of rounds to break it in, but it worked just fine. I don't miss it now that it's gone, but it was nice to have. 
That's not even limited to self-defense. The plinking ammo my pistols chew through choke other ones. I'm about as concerned with "crappy ammo" as I am with "crappy gas" for my car which is to say, next to none.
Tis a joke I know,  but I know several people with hi- point .45 pistols who have had no jams, misfires, or mechanical issues of any kind,  they have been reliable for my friends for whatever reason. 
Made the mistake of buying a stoeger once...never again
pew, pew, pew! 
Why is that?
Do you know anything about organic meat?
No one's ever going to be as loyal as your doggy.
I use Arcana Lamb for my husky. Before that was Blue Buffalo but I've since switched because BB apparently had a bit too much protein for my her.
I've had fantastic results with the blue buffalo wilderness line.Plenty of options for nutrition breed specific etc.Easy to find and relatively not crazy expensive my shephard pyrenees mix had a skin coat issue forever until she was on this diet.That being said every pet is different my cat hates the buffalo but does great with hills science diet.If you dont use half the bag or whatever most petsmart stores will allow you to return an unused portion for a different brand (at least mine here does) if it doesnt agree with your pup.
How'd you acquire an akita? If I were to get a dog, that's the breed I'd like, but I figure they'd be quite expensive since they're from Japan.
A lot of people will try and tell you which brand is the best, but really it's between you, your dog, and your vet. If your dog eats it and is healthy than its a good food. 

General guidelines though, just look at the ingredients. Good food the first ingredient should be the protein the foods called. (IE if it's lamb and rice formula the first two ingredients better be lamb and rice.) Cheaper brands will have corn/wheat as the first ingredient, and a lot of meat by products or 'meals'. Stay away from that shit. 
Raw!  /r/rawpetfood
Leave OP's mom out of this!  
Besides... she is cheap.
Yup, amount of build I saw with $350 CPU, $700 GPU, $150 MoBo... And then $50 crappy PSU is alarming.

It's like with most pre-built PCs... They skimp on the PSU and it works because the parts never even come close to drawing more than 60% of the capacity.

And then motherboards... Some people want to put $1000+ worth of parts into $70 board, expect reliability and top level overclock.


And the PSU tends to be the most neglected part.  
Happy and confident with my Seasonic :D
Yeah, this is actually pretty much the only one I agree with here. PC components cycle so quickly that even "cheap" parts are still very high quality, they just might be a generation to two behind (which is fine for most people).

Power supplies, however, will destroy your system if it sucks, and good ones will be running fine three computers from now.
That happened to me and I'm pissed at myself about it
I'm hoping my corsair CS650M is fine. I could by find anything bad about it, but I'm still a tad worried. 
No, still don't skimp...using a thin nylon rope for example might slice your throat or possibly even decapitate you.
"Hang me with a new rope." -the old man
/r/me_irl 
If you're getting 10 $1 hookers to separate you from the ground, you just gotta layer them right.
Actually, any certified dynamic climbing rope falls under all the same tests as the other one. So safety wise, they're all the same. After that it comes down to thickness, color, water treatments, style, etc. 

Do you want a single full rope? Half rope? Twin? Are you speed climbing or just sitting on a top rope for hours?

(Heavier ropes are usually cheaper because lighter ropes are less of a pain in the ass to carry)
Shut your whore mouth.
Butter as lube and toilet paper to clean up.
hahaha  i didn't think about that... that's pretty funny, but no they aren't... they're just two items i will pay a premium for
They say to never wipe dry. 
Teflon Tape as well. Blue Monster is the only option
Oh man cheap masking tape causes swearing.
Well now I know what I am doing to my pup when I get home
Any you can recommend for daily use? I want a new pair for school. My buddy recommended the Bose Soundlink II
Most mixed drinks don't benefit much from high-quality liquor so long as it's not rotgut. Wise move, even if you're only having a few drinks.
After being spoiled by Whataburger, Heinz just tastes like kiddie ketchup to me. Except with a Chick-fil-A sandwich.
Oh God, I miss Whataburger so much! There isn't one anyway near me now. When I was pregnant I craved their burgers. And dipping the toast in the gravy... Heaven. 
Do you piss Iron City Beer?...btw, I think Primanti's is overrated 
Good point. 

By that logic, I probably won't skimp on guitar supplies anymore.
Right? If I am at a friend's house (let's be real—my mom's house) and she has off-brand ones, somehow the cotton just does not want to stay on. I forget about this and victimize my ear. 

I say this knowing that we aren't supposed to use Q-tips in our ears.
Yea my butcher shop is 3rd gen. Been around since 1920,s he buys from local ranches. His old German recipe sausages are soooo good.
Except solar panels, at least right now. For some reason, they're not up to Anker's typical quality.
[deleted]
THIS!!!!!!!
Or more chocolate.
Does drinking beer really make people pissed? It usually makes me relaxed, not angry. (I know you guys)
At least the $9 stuff is on tap, so it's kinda sorta worth it
He died in Auschwitz, dude. Jesus, be more sensitive...
One wipe charlies are advertised as flushable. I will continue to live in ignorance because they are amazing
He ded from bad sushi
Eh. Most of it's not even real "sushi". Most stuff I see at like walmart are like California rolls which is just rice, avocado, and imitation crab.
Not just that, don't forget about the [Brain worms](https://www.cdc.gov/parasites/gnathostoma/).
I bought my first nice toy not too long ago. It's a lelo and I love it! I've recommended it to so many people. I'm definitely not going back to the cheap ones ever again!
OJST! Such an awesome webcomic, I recommend it whenever I can. (Which isn't often...) Nice to see another reader.
Sola Cue for gspot & the freaking Womanizer for clitoral!  (The Womanizer is not at all impressive until you actually use it though, it doesn't vibe, instead it's a gentle pulsating suction & it will make you come so fast!)

*fucking autocorrect on my phone
Just...always buy a winter set if it snows a lot where you live (I'm in MN), or have a dedicated winter vehicle. I don't care if your car is AWD, that doesn't help it stop when you're on off-brand all seasons!
We lived in KS. We get plenty of snow and rain. He was just dumb.
Coming from Norway that's absurd. There's no such thing as having one set for all year if you live where it snows.
True but his did not. Rode with him one day to the liquor store during a normal rain storm and I thought we were going to die. December through February it was pretty much useless.
Thanks for the smile =)
I kinda miss GTA V and video games in general. I've been working like crazy so I haven't had as much game time. What laptop are you using, if I can ask?
Loved my V10... then it caught *the bootloop.*

Good luck with yours not failing. 
My phone is great for me but hearing that you can switch your battery made me almost cry i loved that on my older phones
I think that's different, as it's not coming out of your pocket.
Relevant username
Check out "til death" tattoo in Denver. Everyone there is the best I've ever seen. I'm sure there are plenty of options in Denver, but this is the place I spotted. 

Ever get over to r/tattoos? The third highest ranked pic is from there. The doe by Henry Quiles. 
I think that in general people tend to underestimate how dangerous outdoorsy pursuits can be if you aren't prepared. I grew up in the Rockies in a fairly tourist-dense area with a lot of extreme weather, and it's sadly common to see people -- both visitors and lifelong residents -- get hurt or killed because they don't follow the basic steps for safety:

* Wear good boots that have ankle support

* Tell *someone* who's staying within cell range where you're going and instruct them to call S&R if you're not back within a certain time frame

* Bring about twice as much water as you think you need

* Even if the weather is good, bring a light fleece jacket or something in your pack. Temps can drop quickly, especially at night, and hypothermia is no joke

* Bear spray exists for a reason. Bring it along, and have it someplace easily accessible (i.e. not in the bottom of your pack)

* Unless you're a *very* experienced outdoorsperson, stay on the trail. It's amazingly easy to get turned around by wandering even just a little ways

* Keep a small battery (or crank, I guess) operated flashlight in your pack

I had a friend who was a very experienced hiker and camper disappear on a solo camping trip and turn up dead weeks later. We don't entirely know what happened, except that an unexpected cold front rolled in (despite it being summer) and he had wandered away from the trail. Nature is incredible, but please practice basic safety precautions :(. Luckily my stupid brain-fart that I mentioned above turned out okay, but it was the sort of thing I absolutely should have known better than to do.
I was trying to get across a creek, and there was a bridge, but it was a ways away on some farmer's land. Not wanting to deal with hopping a barbed-wire fence and possibly geting shot for trespassing, I decided to just cross where I was, but it was about knee-deep. It was a decently narrow creek, so I figured I would just jump it.

Now, here's the problem: the turf on the other side *looked* fine, but was in fact very soft and unstable. So, when I landed, it came loose. My right ankle took my full weight and rolled, and I went flying. Not fun. Hurt like hell. 2/10 would not recommend.
No, I do not.

I need a wide toe box. The heritage series all have narrow old style toe boxes.
That's like the whole Yeti cooler phenomenon.  How much better is a $400 cooler than a $30 one?  
Especially when one of 10 drunk campers are grabbing a beer every 5 minutes.  And especially especially when half of the drunks don't even bother to latch it up correctly. 
I got one for my GF's Samsung S5 and it's a **thick** cord. It'll last forever. 
Well they still use pesticides on anything certified USDA organic and besides that most places don't adhere to rules all that strictly anyways.  I work as an inspector so I get to see many facilities first hand and I've seen enough to deduce that organic isn't what most people think it is.  The only way to get true organic is to grow it yourself sadly.  Source: I'm an inspector for USDA
I only deal with produce not meat so I'm not the guy to ask about that. 
When I found out PSUs can fry your components (like a month ago) I ordered a $130 corsair rm750i... I believe my max power draw is something like 415w. I thought that was good enough, is it not? The parent comment has me worried that I didn't spend enough but is that just because of the wattage?

Edit: https://pcpartpicker.com/list/kjJkQV
I mean, that still gets the job done? In a very dark sense
Or it will snap and you'll have to start over
Speedrun tactics?
Works for me 


Edit: I'm sorry but when I die I'm going out in comfort. Belly full of sleeping pills and scotch while listening to a rainstorm in the backseat of my running car in a sealed off garage
Go for the high-test piano wire...
Are you talking about that white thread sealer Teflon tape? I've never used anything besides the rolls that come with plumbing supplies or air tools. It always seems to perform. What am I missing? 
Sennheiser's good too.
We piss Yuengling even though it's brewed near Philly. And Primantis is definitely over rated....even though I'm literally sitting in one as I write this...
woah woah woah, get outta here with your knowledge n shit.
I think pissed in this case refers to being very drunk, not being angry.
Pissed is just slang in some areas for being drunk.

But yes, some people do become belligerent and angry when drunk.
A plumber once did an AMA and he said it was a major source of income lol
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatberg
At least get an extra trash can for just wipes
Of course they say they are. They want you to buy them. They absolutely are not.
I work in municipal utilities department.  Please, stop doing this.

https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2016/10/are-wet-wipes-wrecking-the-worlds-sewers/504098/
Just ordered the womanizer plus based on this comment, this better be good!
So many people think AWD means "Can do anything in the snow."  No.  It will help if you get in a snowbank, and it's a little better at handling slick spots than other cars, but if none of the tires have traction it doesn't matter and, and you can lose control fairly quickly in bad conditions anyway.
I don't mean to sound like a shill, but the Continental ExtremeContact DWS is like having a set of snow tires you can drive year round. They are aggressive all season tires that they make for most cars. I've never had a set of snow tires because of these tires.
I'm using the Dell Studio XPS 1645, fully upgraded to max specs. It was a little over 2000€ back then. Worth every cent.
Same thing with my G4. It's a serious problem with LG phones.
Yeah, I heard about that... R.I.P. V10
Huh, a tad bit late but have you tried reinstalling the software? My LG V400 caught the bootloop after I messed around with some settings and nothing but forcefully trying to put it into download mode and reinstalling the OS from scratch worked. It did take me well over 20 minutes to even put it into the mode because of how bad the bootloop was.
Holy shit, that is amazing. I will definitely be checking them out. Thanks for the info!
I'm sorry to hear about that. Upstate New York isn't quite so extreme terrain wise but you can get in a tight spot just the same.

Never think you can go out without care.
I don't always roll a joint, but when I do, it's usually my ankle
Damn man, glad you didn't break anything! 
Damn I love how their Iron Rangers look. But I have a wide foot too so narrow shoes get blown out pretty quickly. 
I would love a lightning cable built like most micro USB cables are made but everyone loves to copy apple's flimsy design.
As for why: the regs for organic mean "uses natural pesticides such as rotenone (causes Parkinson's in humans) and fertilizer (manure that may have e. Coli)" not "no pesticides or fertilizer."

Some farmers do it the way you think organic means, but not many. There's a lot of dishonesty in the health industry. (Health industry is not the medical or pharmaceutical industries, to be clear. Those are super regulated.)
So in your opinion, is the problem that the rules are too lenient, or that the rules are fine but they're not enfroced. 
Oh well, thank you anyway.
That's absolutely fine
So does single ply toilet paper.
It's just not the same without the slow suffering of suffocation.
but it might break, then you have neck bruises and a sprained ankle. That's no good
IC Light Mango is pretty good...Fatheads could bury Primanti's if they had more room and better parking
Okay
It is. Ooh boy is it ever. I was skeptical until I used it for the first time.
Any 2wd vehicle on good snow tires is better in the snow than any AWD vehicle on shitty tires, for sure.

I took my 4x4 truck out (lfited V10 Excursion) in the snow once on Remington mud terrains. It did not go well.
I've driven on the DWS in dry weather but not in snow. What other snow tires have you compared it to? I've driven on Blizzak WS60, WS70, Michlein X-Ice, Michelin Alpine AS3, and Nokian Hakkepelittas.
Yeah, Dell products are really great. It's nice that your money was well spent, especially for €2000. Do you plan on upgrading any time soon? 
I didn't know that the G4 also has this issue. Well, let's hope they learned from it...
Wait, the what?  My wife has a V10.
The worst hike I've ever done was at Allegany State Park in NY, and it was my own damn fault.  6 mile hike (the Beehunter loop), moderate difficulty.  Shouldn't have been too hard, right?

Well, it was early April.  There wasn't any snow on the ground when we left, but as we got higher on the first hill it ended up being ankle deep.  Whatever.  Then we crested the hill and headed into a valley, where the snow got to be knee deep in places because it was shady.  I was wearing breathable (not waterproof) hiking shoes (not boots), which became a real problem when we started encountering several inches of melt, plus several inches of mud underneath the snow.  We couldn't walk on the main trail, so we had to weave back and forth, sliding on old leaves and wrenching ankles on concealed roots.  We ran out of water, which had never happened to us before, but fortunately we carry a Sawyer filter in our hiking packs.

I finally lost my shit and started crying after 4 hours of this when we came up on the "creek" that we needed to cross, and it was at least a foot deep, 20 feet across, and flowing very fast.  No bridge.  My feet were freezing, soaked through and covered in blisters, I was aching like never before on a hike, the sun was starting to go down and now I was pretty convinced we were at the part of the movie where someone dies.  We finally managed to make it just as the sun went down, thank goodness.  The 6 mile hike took us 6 hours and measured at 10 miles because of the weaving we'd had to do.

As soon as we were home, I bought myself a pair of good, waterproof leather boots.  Lesson learned: even if you're on a shortish, well groomed trail in a state park, be prepared because you never know what you'll come up on.
Ugh Apples cables are the worst. I just had to replace my GF's MacBook charger cord for like the 4th.
A little bit of both really.  They are enforced to a point, but there isn't an inspector around 24/7 and even if the farmer does everything right you have to assume the packer isn't mixing bins of fruit between organic and non organic to fetch better prices.  Also the rules are pretty lenient for what most would consider organic.  
Using single ply toilet paper does tend to leave some dark scents on your fingers.
a noose is supposed to snap your neck, not suffocate you. everyone is doing it wrong. thats why there was a 'drop' in the gallows design
lol, I like you
From time to time I think about it, but I recently moved and need to buy a lot of furniture. If that's settled I'll start doing my research for a new one, but this could still take half a year though.

Btw, which laptop are you using?
I have had a G4 for a few years now. However, less than a year into my first onw I got the bootloop. TMobile tried to say it was my fault but I knew better!! They replaced it for very little cost and now I don't have issues. Every now and then it does weird glitchy things, but I would chalk that up to limited memory and that's just something that you have to deal with when it comes to technology.
Fingers crossed for you. I honestly loved the G4 at first, but it didn't even make it a year. They replaced it for free after the boot loop, but then it started having a host of other issues with the processor. At that point I was basically just given a $100 trade in by Verizon to shut me up haha
Some V10 have the issue that they will keep restarting and it seems there's no simple fix to it, but not all V10 have that problem.
It helps you to get in touch with your inner self too.
yeah, but why die quickly when you can die suffering for a few minutes?
I bought a Microsoft Surface Pro. I'm a student and I plan on using it for photoshop/illustrator/other adobe programs. Wasn't crazy expensive and so far I love it! And definitely take your time with it. If the one you still have is satisfactory then it's not a rush 
That's why I went with the international version. I have the feeling they use better hardware / software than the carrier-branded ones. They're a bit more pricey though.
Yeah that's entirely possible. My buddy got his G4 around the same time as I did, but he's got the international version and it's still kicking. The only issue he's had is that it came with a much weaker battery, but obviously that's easily fixed.
What purchases do you NEVER skimp on?

Eye-contact.
Whistling. I just can't do it. Lots of people have tried to teach me, but I feel like it's physically impossible for me. 
Smiling for a photo.
I'm a good driver, but parallel parking breaks my brain. It's a perpetual embarrassment.
Guessing the distance of some thing away from my self or the like. Can't do it. 
Conversation. Small talk. I can get to "Hello, how are you?" "Good, you?" "Good." Then I get stuck. Typically I just sort of smile, nod slightly, and wander away. 
Directions. Thank goodness for the GPS in my phone or else I would never be able to get anywhere. 

I think it skips generations in my family because my mom can find her way through a new city easy peasy. My grandma on the other hand can get lost in a hallway. She once went up a hill to visit a friend's house, and when she was trying to leave she went further UP the hill. 
My handwriting is shit.  I've typed at 80wpm for the last 40 years and the only time I write is to fill in forms, which I invariably do wrong.
Speaking 
Knowing which is left and which is right.

My parents I went to renew my passport and the guy said, "Please raise your right hand."

You can guess which hand I raised
Dancing. I'm pretty athletic and coordinated, but ask me to do any kind of dancing and I am horribly embarrassing.  
I can't roll my R's 
Finding friends 
Life
Looking interested in someone while they're speaking to me, apparently. I'm acutely aware that a lot of my expressions and body language come off as rude and attempts to tell people to shove off because I couldn't care less - but I'm a painfully shy and empathetic person and love hearing about whatever people thought was important enough to tell me directly. I just don't know how to make my body/face convey that during a conversation. 
I can't walk correctly and always get comments about how I walk strangely. 
Reading analog time. I can do it. But it takes me longer than it should. 
Unlocking things with keys. 
Navigation in a city. Put me in the middle of fucking no where and I can use a map and compass to get myself back. Put me in Downtown[insert city] without GPS and I'm fucked.
Socializing and keeping a conversation alive. I hate it when Im actually trying my best to communicate and they give the blandest responses, how the fuck am I supposed to reply.
Small talk. It's crippling, really, but I just have no interest in anything anyone else has ever done, so making small talk is always a chore.
chopsticks
Stressing out over stuff that is essentially nothing.
Personal relationships. 
I'm really bad at singing along to songs. I never learn most of the lyrics in the songs I listen to, so I just wing it until the chorus (which I'll still mess up) while hoping nobody notices.
Talking to strangers without being really weird.

Example from my actual life:

Some guy: So what do you do in your spare time?

Me: I watch documentaries and listen to podcasts about serial killers, cults and true crime.

Guy: What the actual FUCK are you talking about? *Leaves*



Literally that is my hobby, that is what I do in my spare time. I'm listening to a podcast about the murder of Rebecca Schaeffer in 1989 right now & I'm at work.
Can't snap with my right hand, and I'm a righty. Oh, and I'm so bad a cook I have to ask how to make rice every time. 
Connect Four. I'm terrible. I'm not sure why. A child could beat me. 
Math and flirting
Snapping my fingers. I'm never able to get that clear "click" like everybody else.
Left and Right 
Smiling. I dealt with a lot of physical abuse from my dad and verbal abuse from my mom and grandparents. As a result, i didnt smile a much up until the end of high school and college. Im 26 now and i still cant smile correctly. It looks forced because it is forced. 
Handiwork. I put IKEA furniture together like a champ, but the second I see a hammer and nails, I'm screwed
math.
Kicking high. My hamstrings are shit.
Sense of direction, thank fuck for google maps.
Sleeping. I cannot sleep until 3 am and jts destroying me
A few years ago a good friend went on strike and refused to hang out with me until I initiated contact.  It wasn't until that point I realized I tend to wait for other people to ask me if I want to do something...rarely do I make the first move.

A lot of it has to do with fearing rejection.  Also, as an introvert I'm sometimes hesitant to give people the impression I'm up for hanging out anytime.  
Masturbating
being social
Speling
Apparently I can't pronounce the word "three" properly.  When I hear other people say it, I can not hear any difference between "three" and "free" and pronounce them both "free".

And dancing
Penmanship 
Swimming. And yes, have tried lessons.
Tying my shoelaces. I'm in my mid-thirties and I still have to make two loops and tie them in a knot.
Timekeeping. I'm late to most things- work, university, meeting friends- and I can't seem to find a trick to making it work easily. Could just be that I'm a lazy cunt who isn't trying hard enough​, could be that my internal chronometer runs 15 minutes slow... No idea. But when I do show up on time people act like it's a massive deal now and it's just fucking embarrassing for me. I need to sort it out.
Headphones with volume too high.
Electric can openers
Cracking sunflower seeds.
Telling time on a clock.
Stopping a course of antibiotics too soon.
Committing suicide
Pouring water in the coffee maker without making a mess n cutting a decent slice of cheese
I can't click my fingers. It just doesn't physically work for me. 
Cutting my nails.

It's gonna ingrow. errytime.
I am 26 years old and I have never learned how to flirt with women. I've had several relationships and hookups and stuff, but it almost always just feels accidental. My friends seem to know exactly how to talk to a girl, I on the other hand just kinda blindly stumble upon sex every now and then.
Writing legibly 
Cooking
Whistling..I can't even do it! I tried all the techniques and none have worked. 
Spelling, it can be pretty embarrassing  
Sexual intercourse

Telling time on a a regular clock..

(In my defense I missed the week of elementary school that they learned how to read a clock bc I was sick)
Responding appropriately to Smalltalk. "Hey how are you?" *Dead silence*
Speaking. My childhood stutter has made a dramatic comeback over recent months. No idea why. 
walking down stairs
Remembering names and details after a few months.
Them: Oh Hi X, been 15 years! Do you still have your cat C.
Me: Hi, umm no she's gone. How're you doing... Ummm still working at umm ... 

And leaving the convo without figuring out their name again.
I'm only 16 but have really bad hand tremors, I can't pour a drink without making a mess 
Team Sports

The thing is, I'm actually pretty athletic (or at least, I used to be) and good at individual ones. Somehow it just doesn't "happen" when I'm on a team. w/ever
Cutting a slice of bread. Hate that shit.
Cutting a smooth, straight line with scissors. 
Math
Drinking. I choke on the first sip of practically every drink, it does not matter what the drink is. The number of times I've narrowly escaped death at the hands of a glass of water are embarrassingly high.
Cellophane, I'll never get it figured....
Opening doors.
wall papering.
Communicating in advanced as opposed to make assumptions and then communication.
Whistling
Work
Eating.
climbing 
Tying a tie.
 Chopsticks 
High speed internet
Eating. I am a student and I eat every night on my couch and coffee table. I manage to drop something everynight. I dropped an entire samosa last night ! 
I can't skip, never have been able to do it.
Bargaining. I can't even begin to do it for the life of me, while most people I know can get discounts over anything with this vital skill
Being serious.
Smoke....anything.

Kissed someone.

Gone on a date.

Never lived alone

Gone to court

Driving in the rain.

The steady motion of the windshield wipers makes me sleepy.
broken a bone
Aside from photography, any form of art.
Holding back tears 
Throwing. It's pathetic how terrible my aim is. Every single fucking time I think I'll make the shot, I'm waaaay off to the side or overshoot it.
can't whistle 
Cleaning my ears, particularly with my off hand. 
Guitar Hero
Snapping my fingers.
Drinking. Cups are the worst but I have problems with bottles and straws too. I end up spilling something I'm drinking all over myself at least 2 times a week. 
Putting on converse. Feel like I'm gonna cut off one of my fingers one of these days smh 
Syllabels,like you know,breaking down a word into a few segments,it's the easiest damn thing but i just can't place them in the right places
I can't ride a bike.

I've tried to learn. I just can't do it. Ironically, I was shown to have very good balance in P.E. Just can't wrap my head around riding a bike.
Parallel Parking.

Naan making.
Staying focused on long-term goals while making small incremental steps towards them. I crave that instant gratification. SERENITY NOW!
online dating
Braiding hair. My own or that of someone else. 
Basketball. I'm good at badminton, at soccer, at tennis. Just not basketball... I can't throw a jump shot to save my life.
Gargling. Every time I have tried it's basically gar-cough-gur-sputter-choke-nose dribbling-gle-hell. 
Rolling my dumb tongue into a taco shape. 
Using scissors, God I'm so awful at that
Driving. 
Snapping no matter how hard I try I can never do it
Whistling and snapping my fingers
Reading maps/ following directions. I get very flustered and stressed the second I am forced to navigate/ someone tells me directions. I just can't do it, its almost like a disability.

That, and swimming. I'm in good shape and can run/ do pull ups etc, but am just crap at swimming. Can't get the rhythm right.  
Estimating how much shaving cream to use to shave each morning. I've been shaving for 20 years and I still seem to overestimate how much I'll need. Must've washed dozens of cans worth of cream off my palm and down the drain over the years. Just can't get it right. 
I can't blow bubbles with bubble gum. 
Breathing. Asthma + COPD. Of all things to be bad at...
Sucking dick
Basic tossing of small objects to other people/into the trash can. 
Being dyspraxic, everyday stuff like doing up buttons and cutting up food and doing chores is quite hard for me 
Asking other people for more (when it's not work related). Really fucking bad at this.

Right now I wish my SO would talk to me more, but every time she says ''I feel bad about not giving you more attention'' I find myself triggering all my protective instincts again and saying ''It's okay, don't worry about it. You have more important things to worry about''. 

But I DO miss having long talks with her. On the phone. Over the texts. And I DO feel a little neglected :( 

It's this insane internal battle between the alpha in me that wants to assert dominance (sexual too) and the empath in me that goes over and beyond to ensure she has everything she needs to be happy. 

So I find myself often having this....restlessness inside me. Like the kind you have when you've just drank 10 cups of coffee. Every time I send a text to her and I see she's online, but doesn't answer, it makes me feel like it's a little one-sided sometimes. **The thing is I KNOW** why she's doing it and it's rarely related to me (I hope at least), but it still makes me feel lonely. And still want to do this on her terms, because it matters to her.

In every aspect of my life I've always been the one to lead. To guide others. I thrive professionally and on personal level. In every sense of the word my life has been great, because I have made it great. 

And yet, perhaps for the first time in my life I find myself losing control. No! Surrendering control. To her. Perhaps that is what makes me so restless. To find someone, who I absolutely do not want to lose. 

**I know she reads my reddit**, so perhaps this will work as a way for me to finally be able to say it ''out loud'':

''I do miss talking to you. So whenever you feel safe and not tired, I love you and would love to hear from you''
Life
Snapping fingers. I just can't do it for some reasons :|
Tying knots, the utter dread I feel when I am thrust into a situation where a knot is required is ridiculous. 
Leaving myself enough time to get shit done and recharge.
Any sport that involves a ball I'm pretty much guaranteed to suck at
Small talk. I'm a bartender and I could care less about the little details of your day. I saw you yesterday. I'll see you tomorrow. If anything interesting were happening in your life you'd be telling me about it right now. I gave up on "what's new?", "how's your day?", or "what do you got going on today?" a long time ago. This post makes me sound just awful, which is pretty funny, but just to be clear: I see lots of friends or even just people I enjoy but don't know that well at my work. I am genuinely interested in them. My social skills are excellent, I'm very charming, and I can entertain and tell stories for hours. I laugh as much as anyone you've ever met. I'm not a sour person. This post applies to the endless sea of dead-eyed, uninteresting mouth-breathers that aren't particularly pleasant or charming or stimulating that I see constantly. You don't tip enough to make me fake it. I don't care how your day is. What are you drinking?

Edit: This is also why I have avoided pretty much every neighbor I've ever had.
Im a terrible texter. But i always respond right away, i just always run out of stuff to say or get bored 
Driving theory test
Posing for photos
Walking. Even working in healthcare I struggle to get from one side of a patients bed to another. I've tripped over call light cords, oxygen tubing, footboards, and my newest one - the fall mat. There's a new bruise on me everyday.
Skiing. More specifically, those damn grab-n-put-between-your-legs lifts some resorts use to get you up the mountain. Spent almost an hour trying to get up that damn hill on a school trip and the embarrassment of watching my classmates come around for their third or fourth trip up has traumatized me to the point where the mere thought of skiing makes me wanna puke.
Zipping ziplock bags. 
confident in public
Tying knots.  Learned how to tie shoes at 4 years old but can't tie anything else to save my life.
Writing the number "5". For some reason my brain struggles massively to tell my hand what to do, and it just comes out as a scribble half the time. 
Peeing quietly... it always sounds like I'm power washing a house
Tying my shoes. I swear my right shoe gets undone like 5 times a day
Lighting a lighter (cheap gas station kind that you push and roll to ignite)
Using scissors. It's just embarrassing. I can't cut straight lines for shit, I've been called out on if by coworkers multiple times and I can't even give an excuse. 
I don't know why but I'm just super bad at clapping with a beat.  
Arithmetic 
Talking. I don't talk much, and when I do try to talk with people, like at work if I have to explain something, it suddenly becomes impossible to form the sentence in a sensible order and just comes out as mumbling. I don't have like a disability or anything, I just don't have anyone to really talk to regularly.

And if I'm expected to say something like "no problem" or "sorry" or something reactionary like that, I just can't get it out. I find myself just thinking it but I can't get it out of my mouth.
Belching :/
Swimming 
Snapping with my fingers. I just can't do it man and I feel like it's a common skill next to winking (which I also can't do). 
Driving on motorways (or anywhere I haven't been b4) Ridiculous. 
Snapping/clicking fingers.

I have no idea why, but I'm physically unable to click my fingers.
Choosing.
It's like
>Whatever decision you make you'll regret it 0.02 seconds later.

`Choose A or choose B`
I can't wistle. I'm wondering is it's genetic like the being able to fold my tongue in half.
conversation 
Balance. I can walk on flat ground just fine, but put me on a balance beam and I'm fucked. 
Talking
Finishing senten... 
sports
Shuffling cards
Fake burp
Left and right....
Tying a knot in a balloon.
Whistling. I've tried and tried, but I just can't do it. :(
Geography. I couldn't tell you basic stuff. Even for places in my own country (canada).
Im realy bad at speling
Burping
Walking
Biking.
Riding a bike
where to put my arms in a group photo
Giving a compliment.
Basic maths
I have a distinct lack of empathy and at some times I find it unsettling
Apparently factoring polynomials is common place and I'm just dumb 
Remembering anything 
Simple math, like basic add/subtract/multiply/divide. I understand 2+2=4 but 275+72 would take me a while to do in my head (several minutes) and I hate this about myself. The numbers get jumbled in my mind and I end up losing the idiot calculation and get frustrated. I'm in my 30s and I have the math acumen of a 4th grader.
Just life in general man
Tying shoelaces, very embarrassingly.

It's like my hands are disconnected from my brain as soon as I hold the laces.
Breathing. I have asthma and a deviated septum 
How long it takes to get some place. Im sure it take 20 minutes to get almost anywhere.
Reading analogue clocks/watches for any time that isn't on the hour or half.
Forming coherent responses to interview questions 
I don't know how to use a can opener.  That raises eyebrows when people find out.
Putting in and taking out my contact lenses.
Blowing a bubble with gum.
Scissors. But that's cause I'm left-handed
I can't blink both of my eyes separately from each other. I can only wink with my left eye, not my right one.
Not swallowing fish bones. 
Turning on the stovetop gas, I always let out gas without igniting it
Talking on the phone. Since the invention of email and texts, it's only gotten worse because I prefer them so much more.
Throwing and catching objects. 
i can't snap my fingers.  
For the life of me I haven't gotten down how to use chopsticks.

It may not be super common right where I live but it is common worldwide.
Saving money. 
you know those little cigarette lighters where you slide the wheel-thingy down and hold the button? i can't use those for the life of me.
Blowing my nose. I see other people stealthily slip out a tissue, blow, smoothly slip the tissue away again, and continue as if nothing has happened. I, on the other hand, get snot all over, end up with a big booger hanging out of my nose, and need to retreat to the washroom to clean myself up.
screwing caps back on bottles. 
I always have to use an acronym for North East South West

Nobody
Enjoys
Soviet
Womble
Holding my hands still, specifically for drawing or writing big letters. They more stable I try to be the more I end up shaking. It really annoys people when I try to hold up a phone or paper for a friend to read and they have to grab it.
Well damn..today I learned I'm shamefully bad at everything common.
Folding clothes
Drawing.

Whistling [with fingers and without fingers](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/IlXgdAujzaY/maxresdefault.jpg) is it cause i wore braces for the last 1 year (i am in highschool) and only recently removed it?

Pronouncing some words, so i am from India and recently moved to USA and have difficulty saying some words that have the letter "r" in them, i roll my r's and its difficult saying three and tree for example
Talking to the opposite sex. I was in my Navy uniform once and stopped by to see a friend on my way home. I ended up in the kitchen alone to get some water when his incredibly hot mom comes in behind me. She runs her fingers lightly across my shoulders and whispers, "I love a man in uniform." I panicked and babbled the first thing that came to mind. I looked this incredibly attractive woman directly in the eyes and said, "me too." The look of horror on her face will haunt my dreams forever. 
I'm bad at spealing
I can't snap my fingers
Remembering people's names. I have to meet them like 3 times before I remember without intense effort. (And it makes me feel dumb...)
Walking. I always bump into things. 
Having a normal life when if I'm responsible for it.

So let me explain. When I have to work I have a system like everyone else, get up at the correct hour, have breakfast, go to work, return, eat, chores, sleep.

Now however, whenever I got a week off my system just gets fucked. I'm now in my second week vacation (at home) and I can't sleep before 3 in the night and don't get out of bed after 12. I hardly eat breakfast and I do nothing productive. I suck at living.
Reading out loud. 

I read just fine in my head, but when I have to speak the words my eyes move faster than my mouth and I just mispronounce words. School was awful for years. 
Can't blow a bubble with bubble gum for shit. I'm a 93 year old Hungarian grandma but I don't know what is wrong with now that the  iron curtain is down. 
Speaking 
Walking, apparently. I'm graceful at everything but walking. I don't pick up my feet enough half the time and I'm always brushing walls with my shoulders and bumping into door frames. 
Drawing and painting. I'm 38 and my skill at freehand hasn't improved since I was circa 12. So bad.
Washing dishes, i've been banned to touch those dirty dishes for atleast 10 years now
I can't make that snapping sound when I snap my fingers.
Video games
Flirting and dancing. I am gameless, but at least I'm not gormless.
Feeling and looking comfortable in social situations 
Gardening. For thousands of years, humans have cultivated crops with success, with me, even succulents die at my hands. 

I love gardening, though, but I suck at it :(
Can't blow a bubble when I'm chewing gum. Tried to learn a million times, can't do it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Not being broke
Uh... all sports in general.
Not an issue during sex, judging by your username.
Same. My eyes just tend to wander when I'm trying to talk to people.. I don't know why 
This. I also feel like if someone's speaking to me, i have to make some sort of suitable expression, but I feel stupid holding the same one too long, so after cycling through smiling encouragingly, nodding and the "How interesting" face, I'm out. :/
Ya know, eye-contact amongst primates is known as threatening body-language, so people who do have a hard time with it are really following an innate sense to not make trouble for themselves
used to be so shit at this, look down or away. Much better now thanks to years of customer service in one form or another.
Ouch, yupp.

I got yelled at for not making eye contact a lot in school, so I worked on it and forced myself to make eye contact.

I've reverted as of late, not sure why. But I can't look people in the eyes again.  
I'm going to have to fight myself over it. Again. -.-
Same, learning it though.
Working in clothing retail has made that issue a nightmare. I either don't at all or gaze into people's soul I feel.
Yeah, me too. I noticed a long time ago that I tend to look at people's mouths when they talk, as if I'm lip-reading. Every so often I try to look up, but then it's awkward, and I go back to the mouth. No-one's ever mentioned it to me, so I don't know if they notice.
I was too until I realized that most people look all around a person's face for communication, which should take some pressure off you. 
Probably those vaccines...
Prolonged eye contact 

^^^^^^^^*prolonged* ^^^^^^^^*eye* ^^^^^^^^*contact*
it's all about tongue placement baby.
Me either. Or snapped my fingers. I really don't feel like I'm missing out on much.

same. all the methods, none of them worked. 
Here's a tip don't take this the wrong way but it's the only way I can explain it.  

Instead of blowing out act like your sucking air in in an O shape
I was the same until my older brother's taunts forced me to learn. It took 2 weeks of practice to train my muscles to get any sort of sound. Now I whistle all the time and it's great. No-one judges you when you whistle out of tune because so many people can't do it at all
Same for me. I just end up spitting and making weird faces. 
My mother : "why are you pulling that stupid face in all those photos". 
  
That's just how I smile mum..thanks 
Trying to decide between :) and :D 
The trick for me was to make myself laugh, I just have to think back to a stand up or a sketch and I'll have my best smile.
This. I actually like my smile when I'm genuinely happy, but ask me to smile for a photo and I look like retarded [Harold](http://i.imgur.com/zcGtCQt.jpg).
Chandler?
I was like that until I just started showing my teeth now I look like a human being 
My wife tells me that I look like someone has a gun to my back and is forcing me to pretend to be happy in pictures.  We usually have to take multiple.
I'm exactly the same! I understand all the theory behind what you have to do to park the car in that space, but as soon as I start to reverse in there my brain just turns to mush and I decide to park somewhere else and walk an extra half mile.
I don't live in a big city, so I haven't had to parallel park since I took my driving test years ago
I either do it insanely perfect the first go, or completely fuck it up and can't get it right and have to drive away
I understand it at the theoretical level but I just can't physically do it. Like, I know what I need to do but I also mess it up somehow, always  in a different way than the previous time.
[deleted]
I don't have a problem with parallel parking, and I think it is way overrated in its difficulty.  However, one thing that makes it a challenge is simply that you have to _pass_ the space you're going to park in, and then still have room to come back.

So if there is a car behind you, this can be problematic.  And I think that additional pressure is one thing that causes it to be more difficult for everybody, me included.

I make sure that I turn on my turn signal when I intend to parallel park.  Not that this works, but anything that I can do to demonstrate my intentions.
Wait til you try parallel parking while hauling a trailer.
My husband used to be horrible at parallel parking. So bad that if we had the opportunity, we'd switch spots as soon as he pulled up and I'd take over.

Then one day I realised he was pulling up, stopping, turning the wheel, then backing up. He wasn't steering backwards into the spot. I told him he needs to actually turn the wheel while going backwards to get into the spot properly. He's able to parallel park more or less now.
You won't be embarrassed if you're bad enough at parallel parking.
"I mean it has to be at least... 3 meters away"
Me trying to point out and object over 10 meters away
I'm so relieved to hear other people have this problem. I feel less strange about it now. It's also like, half the reason I'm terrified of driving. I already have trouble judging the distance of unmoving objects relative to my own body, nevermind having to account for giant hunks of steel traveling 60MPH. [Shudder] I'm too scared to get my license :[
Everyone else around me does it so naturally. When the GPS is like "In 400 feet, turn left," I'm always imagining that is like two blocks away, not right next to me.  I'm always fearful I have depth perception issues, but I can tell if things are close or far away. So I'm probably just weird.
George RR Martin? 
Carry smoke bombs around. Toss one when it gets awkward.
I like to start with a gentle kiss on the lips, then you can jump right into meaningful conversation. 

This also works on job interviews.
This is my small talk, but I take it one step further and add "oh, that's good"
Say "whats up?" Instead of "how are you?" Ask questions that require more than one word to answer. It helps me.
Well to bei fair, its not only your fault when the conversation stops but also the other persons
I freaking hate small talk. I'm a teacher at a Danish birding school (think fun and free, not the old, mean kind) and the parents are often visiting for musicals, Christmas and so on. I just cannot figure out what to say to them or ask them. Most if the time I'm not even sure whose parent they are, if the kid isn't standing right next to them. I've actually read articles and such with advice to get better at small talk. I still feel like a doofus.
I had trouble for a while too.  I just picked two or three things and rotated depending on the person.  

If you are in an area with a popular pro team, have a stat or result of a recent game to comment on. "Did you see that game yesterday? Closer than I'm comfortable with (LOLOLOL insert fake chuckles for authenticity)

Local news, "Did you get caught up in that traffic this morning? Man, they've been working on that construction for the whole year. (More disingenuous chuckling)

Weekend plans, "You do anything last weekend? or just hang out?/got anything big this weekend?" *insert chuckles where needed*
I can read AND follow a map or directions like "drive 6 block, take a right, then the 4th left." I can also generally retrace my steps after only making a trip once without further help/directions.

But if you try to get me to use a cardinal direction and end up somewhere it's a lost cause. My husband didn't believe me for the longest time and refused to give me anything but NEWS directions on a long drive. I think I added 45 minutes to our originally 45 minute drive.
I always have problems with driving back out of places I just went in to, and figuring out which way to turn to either continue my original direction of travel or head back the way I came.

Can usually get it with a bit of thought, but that 180° turn scrambles any instinctive sense I might have had for which way I'm going.   
I get lost even when I'm using GPS. I've gotten turned around driving home from work. Cardinal directions are meaningless to me and Siri always starts out with "Head east on Road Dr."

Once I visit a place from A to B a few times I can get there without directions. But if we have to go from C to B, fuck it. I have no idea.
There is evidence that, while helping us find our way, GPS is actually the cause of our inability to find our way on our own. The logic is that since we don't need that ability, we don't exercise or develop it.
It's a small motor skills thing...drawing and writing are bad for me. I can see it in my head but my fingers just can't make it happen
Protip: If you're filling out forms, just write in all caps.  Sure, you're practically yelling, but capital letters tend to be easier to write out and easier to read, thus making you look less sloppy.
Me too. I can do 120 WPM but my handwriting is utter shit. Guess who has to handwrite their exams!
It gets blocked up in my mouth and I don't say it no good.
This. I can write you a hell of a letter, but ask me to talk to you and be able to explain anything remotely complex and I'll end up making a fool of myself. My wife hates me when I can't talk about issues with her. I do best when she explains her issues to me and I take a moment and write her a response. I also don't remember things unless I read them. I have the best memory of things when I personally write them down. The paper can be thrown out at that point, but it's just the act of writing something down that seems to be remembered best.

This all goes out the window if I'm extremely angry. The tongue twisting goes away then.
Especially when you are required to speak to a group of strangers, then your throats starts to swell up and you start stuttering instead. Ugh.
I, too, am not good at speaking to other people.

I can make a decent video. I can write mails like a pro. I'm fucking hilarious on Reddit or in text in general.

But when there's another person? Aw hell no.
I tend to slur things a lot when i speak my native tongue, its like my mind processes the words but my mouth cant keep up. 

I still have it when speaking English, though a lot less because i have to articulate better in order to get less of an accent. So because i'm slightly worse at english it is easier to understand me. 
"Your other right"
Not the right one?
My sister had trouble with that, and she found a trick that helped:

While looking at the back of each hand, close each hand into a fist, stick out your thumb and raise your index finger. The hand that is now making an "L" is the **L**eft one.

You can do it quickly and discretely (down at your sides, for example) whenever you need to. I hope it helps!
Why'd you have to raise your right hand?
Do you still not know which is which? I don't mean to be condescending here, but I don't know anyone over the age of like 6 that doesn't know the difference at all times
How to enjoy dancing:

1. be bad at dancing

2. don't care
I'm not sure that's uncommon. Rolling R is not a common sound in English. In fact, it's never used on purpose, only when part of an accent. 

Compare that to Russian, where there are two ways an R can be used, both of which don't exist in English.
i'm latino and i can't roll my Rs  
i was so quiet during my visit to my home country, people thought i had a learning impairment
Same.  Spanish class was interesting.
Ughh same
Not having any replies somehow makes this comment sadder
Ur my new friend now *hugs*
Try monopoly 
It's easy to feel that way, but you'd be mistaken if you thought few other people were in the same boat. We're almost all bad at life in some way, which given that's a paradox, means we're all just average at life. I thought the coconuts in Hawaii were kind of expensive but I still bought a few, it wasn't a big deal.
/r/meirl
Lol. I used to have balance issues when I was younger, so I ended up walking with my toes always pointing out, which put weight on my heels to keep me balanced better.

But as an adult, I see some people who walk the same way I do, and I realize how weird I must look.

Sometimes I practice trying to walk normal. I put my feet forward, not outward. It's actually hard trying to train myself to walk a certain way. 
Me too man, me too. It got a bit better when I worked out 3 times a week but it was still "a weird walk". My motor skills just blow.
While I'm looking at my watch I always just act surprised and ask people to guess or I say something like "wooh, where'd the time go?" while I look for it.
I have the opposite problem; I've noticed that when I see a digital clock, I convert it to a mental image of an analog clock instead. Weird.
Are you certain you're using the right key?
Those one way streets are a pain
God bless the cities that are built in a grid and use numbered streets and avenues.
That's down to them at that point don't beat yourself up over it (:
It's sad how relatable this is to me.
Yeah I get this pretty bad, for years I thought I was shy/not confident, more and more I'm beginning to realise I just don't give a fuck about random people's boring lives. After working in customer service it's no longer that I don't know how to small talk, I just really don't want to. 
small talk is dumb anyways. Change that shit up. Confuse them. Tell them they're an applebee's 2 for 20 and see where the conversation goes after that.
Small talk serves a purpose - it's a bit like a first date - if you're talking to someone about something harmless like the weather and they get uptight about something, then you know that you'd better not push them about something else that's actually important to people - politics, religion, etc. 
You reveal a lot about yourself during small talk. But yeah, it can be pretty dull talking about traffic until you hit on something you're both interested in. 
I am not interested in what other people have to say and I have nothing interesting to say, so I'm doubly screwed.
I'm not sure how that tradition even originated. I've never encountered small talk, probably because it's not something that exists in my culture. The only place I did have to deal with it was English classes.
I can chit chat just fine, but I never know what to ask about the other person. Things like "how was your vacation" or "what'd you do this weekend", I never feel inclined to ask. I don't know if I just don't care, or if I'm out of practice.
I just don't understand the benefits of them. They make eating a chore
Same, man. The only way that I can actually memorize most songs is by going and looking up the lyrics and intentionally memorizing them while listening to the song. 
Did he actually say "What the fuck are you talking about?"
Chances are your interests aren't THAT out there, and he was just equally bad at small talk. 

.....gotta ease into that shit. Lead with "I'm into podcasts". He says "What kind of podcasts?" You say - "Oh I'm really into true crime - stuff that talks about serial killers, unsolved mysteries....things like that - I find it really interesting for X, Y, and Z reasons"

Being interested in true crime isn't weird. But I guess you're right - you can definitely make it seem weird if you don't package it right.  haha

But that's awesome and it could lead to some fantastic conversations. Why would someone walk away after that? Everyone has some morbid curiosity, right?
uhh. if it makes you feel better, i would be interested and ask some recommendations for docs and podcasts, so, do you have any recommendations?
This thread is creeping me out. I can't snap with my right hand and just realised it. I could force it but it feels super awkward as if I'm bending my thumb out of shape.
My partner is genius level smartypants but i still kick his ass at connect four every gd time and it never gets old. 
Picking up on when other people are flirting is where I go wrong.

Somehow I found my girlfriend and fell in love though, so now I only have to worry about being bad at math.
Baby, just call me your derivative because I'm gonna lie tangent to your curves.
Combine the two. Two negatives make a positive or something like that.
I have a mole on my left pinky and that was the only way I could tell when I was a little kid. Everyone always said "make an L with your hands and the correct L is left" but then I always forgot which way L faced. 
I still take a second to think about east and west every time.
You write with your right hand. Assuming you're right handed.
A non-forced-looking smile goes to the eyes

Not, like, that high, but rather the muscles right below the eyes should move too
Take some time every morning to smile at yourself in the mirror. Not because of some hippy-dippy "it makes you more confident in yourself" bullshit. Find a smile that looks genuine and focus on memorizing how it feels. Repeat that expression as often as possible until it sticks. 

Also remember, smiling is about the eyes, not what you do with your mouth.
Every time I see a screwdriver, I'm hammered. 
>THIS PUN WAS NOT INTENDED
I can't touch my toes without bending my knees 
Praise the fuck. Fuckalujah. 
I live around DC, have for my entire life. The major options for leaving DC should put you in either Northern Virginia or Maryland.

At one point, I went into DC without my phone and tried to get home without GPS.

I somehow wound up in West Virginia.
Play less video games, get regular excercise.
Wake up early. You can't force yourself to sleep but you can force yourself to get up. Then later give yourself a bedtime. Try midnight. Make sure you're strict about it and don't end up watching "one more video" or something like that because staring at a bright light will just make you less sleepy.
Feel in a similiar way: "oh I don't want to bother anyone"
Same here, oddly enough. I have virtually no sex drive and I'm honestly conflicted as to how I should feel about that.
you can say three without moving your lips, try it
"Tree" if you have a Jamaican/West Indies accent.  
Do you have any other problems with "th" sound, or is it only that one word? I'm Russian, and most people I've met can't really get their minds around the idea that you can make a "th" sound. So it's either just "t" or "z" to them.

The way I usually explain it, you need to hold your tongue with your teeth, then, without releasing the tongue try to make an "s" sound.
Try using your phone's calendar app, or better yet Google Calendar. Set an event you need to go to and a location for it. Set a reminder to tell you an hour in advance, then 30 min, then 15, etc as you need it. Oftentimes, Google will straight up tell you when you need to leave to make it somewhere on time accounting for traffic and everything. It seems to me that all you need is a little structure and organization.
So...can't openers?
🕔
I remember learning to read analog clocks in elementary school, but a friend of mine who's a couple of years younger apparently never learned. I found out one day when she asked me if I knew what time it was, and I pointed to an analog clock on the wall--she grudgingly admitted she didn't know how to read it. I felt bad about being surprised because she seemed so embarrassed. But I didn't made a big deal out of it and it's never come up again. 
From a previous comment of mine: 

"[This one girl] worked as an employee under me at a fast food place and could not tell time on an analogue clock. I was in school to be a teacher, so I took this as a challenge. 

We spent 6 weeks (3-4 shifts per week she worked and we did it on down times). I changed my methods and tried different explanations. I made flashcards. I confirmed that she could recognize the (12!) numbers on the clock and could count unhelped.

She still can't tell time.

Afterthought: she also asked me about military time towards the end out of curiosity. I clocked out from my shift and took a break."
 
Science is shifting on this. It destroys your good gut bacteria to stay on an extended course. And being on it longer may create more super bacteria. 
Thankfully!
/r/suicidewatch
Edit: Spelling
Try learning them one at a time before combining them.
This, except I often double or even triple tie my shoes into several nots because I can't stand having big loops and because I don't have to retie them as often.
Same but other side.
Cant even fucking aim properly xD
Brown eye-contact doesn't count
I look at people when they are talking, but as soon as I start speaking I look away into the distance. And I know I do it at the time but can't force myself to look at someone without losing the trail of what I'm saying. Yet, it must look odd, like I'm talking to some cunt who's not even there. 
Same, but I have Dyspraxia so that's a common trait. Thankfully since working on it my eye contact is a lot better now.
r u me
I've dealt with something similar with my work with aboriginal people of australia. Looking someone in the eyes may be considered an act of hostility with some cultures. Not all of course but some.
My mother always taught me to not look directly in someones eyes, instead look in between the eyebrows or at the nose. This helped me a lot as i was never able to look at someone. Nowadays i can look people in the eyes, because ive gotten used to looking at the eyebrows. 
Are you bilingual? I recently read something about how babies exposed to multiple languages are more likely to look at lips to figure out which language is being used than babies only exposed to one language (who typically look at the eyes). Maybe something similar for you? 
Go on...
Found the other person on this planet that can't snap or whistle, I don't feel so alone now.
snapping your fingers is really easy, the sound isnt made by the fingers, its made by the  top finger hitting your palm
I can snap my fingers with my right hand but not my left. You really aren't missing much. 
Yup. The best method for me so far has been the 'whisper the letter Q with pursed lips' but even then it was more of a sad little wispy sound than a whistle. 
thats like fake whistling

but it does the job 
I tell my mom. Why am I trying to smile. A true picture would get me when I'm in my best mood and just smiling because life at that moment is awesome. Not being forced to smile. It's uncomfortable 
That decision becomes ridiculously easy if you have ugly teeths
And when I try the former I get :|
End up choosing :^o
:s
Even fake laughing works for me. When they go to take a picture I start laughing quietly and everyone thinks I'm stupid or something but it gets the job done and I don't look like I've never actually smiled.
You look like you just sharted, you mean?
That's Mrs. Chanandler Bong
Yes, exactly. If I need to hold up traffic to attempt it I won't even try, it's just too shameful.
Ah yes, the shame drive away. You still have to go into the building you're parking outside of, but you're hoping nobody saw your face and they just saw your car. 
"It's about a football field away"

"They look hella tiny on TV."
Well you're not wrong.
just get it and drive around some old dirt tracks with no people around. Pretend you are in a video game. Not GTA obviously.
Do you know if you are [stereo blind](https://www.stereoscopynews.com/hotnews/3d-technology/physiological-effects/2275-are-you-stereo-blind)? 
There's a difference between trying to guess the unit for distance and just if something is really far, kinda far, close, etc. As long as your eyes work that won't be as much of a problem. 
700 feet tall my ass...
I just yell "Smoke bomb" and run away. 
I just grab my penis and maintain eye contact. 
"Hello, how are you?" 

"Oh, that's good"
Asking how their day is going/what they've been up to today usually works better too. Sometimes they'll just say "not much," but more often they'll open up and try to say something interesting that happened to them today, which can lead to a nice conversation.
"Not much. You?"
I'm not alone...
This exactly. Leaving a place I'm always asking people "ok how do I get back to XY" and they just say "but you just drove here?" 
Dammit. The route here and the route back are different things in my head.
Did you say you're a full on rapist?
I know! Why is it so hard? When I was younger, it was holding eye contact, but I've completely gotten over that. Now it's 'thinking on my feet.' When it comes to writing, and I have time to think, then I'm good to go lol. When it's an IRL convo then I'm a stuttering, mispronouncing mad man.
The right right.
I've been doing that since I was in 4th grade, and I still use it now (17 years old).

But I still appreciate your advice, thank you :)
This used to make me so mad as a kid.  They both make an L! One is just backwards and no one ever told me which L was the left or the right so I just had to memorize it =/  Kid logic is something special.
you need to be a kindergarden teacher or some shit mane.
This doesn't help if your dislexic. Sometimes I do it and still use my right hand 
Yes you can do it quickly, but if someone says 'raise your right hand' and you do it without thinking you have a 50/50 chance of getting it right.

It is the same for me, if i have no time to think and you say 'turn left here' there is a 100% chance i take the right turn, or a 50/50 to take the wrong turn. If you say 'turn left in 100 meters' i have no problem because i have time to think.
There seem to be a lot of responses from people who still don't remember the difference, which I find hilariously baffling. 
If you need help to achieve step 2, ingest a great quantity of alcohol. 

Edit: ingest not induce. One does not fall under alcohol.
Look at me. I am the friend now.
Try Carcassonne
hey ever heard of battleship
Try monopoly. Drunk. At home. Alone. At 3 AM.
I got show inserts today that are supposed to correct the shape of my feet over time. Supposedly, this will correct my feet, knees, hips, back, neck, etc.

Time will tell.
I always confuse the right one with the left one.
I've noticed this trend in customer service veterans as well. When you've spent as much time as we have dealing with shitty people taking their shitty lives out on us for minimum wage, you tend to lose that part of you that cares about the color that your coworker just picked out for his bathroom renovation. 
you're an applebee's 2 for 20
Thought the same thing until I saw one of my friends eating cheetos with chopsticks. Changed my life
Like anything else, you just have to put the time in using them to get good at it. You know how it is...everything is easy when you know how to do it. 
It honestly makes eating Asian food that much better when you use chopsticks.  Of course you need to be good enough at using them to not just get pissed off and use a fork, but there's just something about it that makes the experience even better.
chinese here, I can use chopsticks perfectly fine. but seriously 90% of the food are easier with forks. Exception are things like bowl noodles, where forks have less controls.
> benefits

No Cheeto dust on your fingers.

Try eating xiao long bao (soup filled dumplings that will make you weak in the knees) with a fork lol. You'd lose the soup!
What? I think they're awesome, and if I could force myself to learn how to use them, I'd stop using forks unless necessary.
Apparently not. Like some dudes are really fucking into sports, I'm really fucking into serial killers. They care about sportsball stats, I care about body count to attempted body count ratios. Literally my hobby.
The snap sound has nothing to do with your thumb and finger and everything to do with your finger hitting your palm.
Yeah, it's hard for me as well to understand when someone is flirting with me. I usually understand it a few days later.
I'm glad you found your gf :)
I have problems telling left from right too. I do use the "what hand do I write with" trick (left hand) but it slows me down and it's obvious that I can't tell left from right.
Thanks for the tip!!!
I see what youre getting at. Solid point. 
>Praise the fuck

Kinda like [this](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/731/627/74c.png)?
Ahhh, you're no fun.
Or, alternately, play more video games, sleeping when you would be exercising.
Perfectly fine, because it's how you feel. I won't judge you just because you don't feel a certain way. Do make it a point to tell your SO though, as it may cause them self esteem issues if not discussed.
moral judgement aside, it does mean you are less vulnerable to a major source of irrational, self-destructive behavior, and a major drain on your finances. you can use all that money, time, and patience you haven't used up to find another pleasure button you like pressing. our brains have a lot of them.

either way, if you do come to be bothered by it, low/absent sex drive may be something you can mitigate with lifestyle changes or medication, depending on what the ultimate cause is (if there is one, other than "your genes and childhood environment produced a person with a naturally low urge to have sex/reach orgasm")
I wish I could do something else than jerk off every day. I could be so much more productive.
I'm not sure.  It hasn't been pointed out before.  But now I am starting to question if I pronounce anything correctly
5:00? 
My wife and I are the same age and she never learned how to read a clock while I distinctly remember my teacher getting that big ass yellow crank clock out to teach us.  She still rolls her eyes when she looks at my watch to tell what time it is and has to count the little numbers.  Especially my current watch since it has Roman numerals instead of numbers.  She's adorable.
Got any links on this? This is literally the opposite of everything I've ever heard so I'm a bit skeptical.
Yeah, it seems it's the total amount being given that's the problem and not people stopping a treatment early.
Unfortunately
Oh, it counts
I hear it's a possible sign of autism. But I'm no autismologist.
I didn't realise until I tried talking to a guy one day and he looked really confused and my mum was like.. 'why don't you keep eye contact with him?? He was looking to see if you were talking to someone else!'

It just makes me a bit uncomfortable looking at people I guess, but I'm working on it.
In some Ethiopian communities eye contact is considered a status thing. Some one who is of inferior status wouldn't look into elders eyes for instance. Ethiopian jews in Israel that were conscripted into the IDF were often mistaken to have some mental problems because they wouldn't look the officers or indeed any superior rank in the eyes.
I put on my robe and wizard hat...
I also cannot snap or whistle!
Damn, thanks for that one.  I can almost whistle now!
Just tried that and fainted after about 2 minutes. Maybe I'm blowing too hard?
Yup. I can't whistle properly, but I can do this instead.
Since it makes you breathe in, I've always wondered if one could use that to (seemingly) whistle non-stop by alterning true and fake techniques.
> fake whistling

TIL that was a thing
My jaw always aches slightly from having to stretch my mouth into a smile for the time needed to take a picture. I wonder if it's because I don't often smile so my facial muscles aren't well-trained?
*tooths
When I smile with my teeth it looks like [this](http://hotemoji.com/images/emoji/o/8e6aud1d9x5jo.png)
Same...well used to be. [Watch this](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/2g5Bzi9). Put an afternoon aside, and so that. However first do it with no cars behind, and keep on doing it until you've got the whole front end keyed in and swinging in thing mastered. That's important.

After that find 2 cars that have 2 cars length between and practice. What you'll probably find is that the extra car will throw you off. Apprehension etc. Practice and practice. Soon you'll see that the rear car is just a minor distraction. Try and do the manoeuvre in the smallest distance possible but don't move forwards. This is now your minimum distance that you can reverse into.

Then find 2 more cars that are closer and try again. Practice makes perfect. This time reverse in and move forwards.

Or don't, I'm not your dad.
I can do it when no cars behind me, but if there are car behinds me I leave lol.  They make me nervous~
But  where's the fun in driving if you can't break the laws of physics while firing a gun wildly into the air? I thought that was the whole appeal. 

In all seriousness though, I'd probably be fine if I just went ahead and did it, but getting past that initial "I AM GOING TO DIE" anxiety in the pit of my stomach is the hardest part. 
According to that little test, no. I even remember playing with focus like that as a kid--if I focus on thing A, thing B gets blurry! Cool! So I'm not sure what to attribute my apparently poor judge of distance to. 
Dammit Kreiger
I go straight for the jugular, i work in retail so kind of have to, i ask the most bizaar questions i can think of & keep calm & wait for a response.
Some good ones:
'Whos your favorite serial killer?'
'Have you ever thought how different life would be if we are all ants?'
'If i attaked you right now what would be the object you would reach for?'
'What one thing is super common but youre really bad at?'

Usually judging by how the person reacts determins wether or not its worth carrying on the conversation.
Yes. Also this
Yes but it opens the door to bringing up how your day has been, and from theee you can talk about an observation you had, and they might get engaged in a conversation
This is the best advice
Africans, dyslexics, children, that sorta thing.
I don't know! Well, I know it's probably tied to a problem I have.

It's just... weird to suddenly realise that your brain goes "Aw fuck no" and all thoughts either come out slow, or weird, or you repeat yourself, because... why?
This is the only way I am able to achieve step 2, which why dry wedding receptions are a nightmare for me.
Try Isle of Skye.
Oh god this is me. Having spent so many years in retail has really drained me.
I've been called worse things be better people
This is an example of the glory of chopsticks that i hadn't even thought of!
My co-workers thought it was weird. Then they realized I didn't need to wash my hands and could keep on typing w/o my keyboard getting gross. Now everyone who has the ability to use chopsticks eats cheetos this way. 
And it frees up a hand for more wine. 
I'm half and can use chopsticks perfectly fine but it really irritates me when people use it for stuff like chicken wings/stuff with bones. They suck on the thing and then spit it back out.
Guys, should we be concerned?
>fucking into serial killers
OH MY GOD. Everyone is into football, basketball, and baseball and I could give two shits about any of it.  I'm afraid to bring up my actual interests because most people think reading manga, playing video games, and skateboarding is weird or for kids.  I normally tell people that I'm not into sports and then they all talk in a group while I stand just outside the circle looking at the floor and listening.
I had no idea that body count to attempted bodycount was a thing you could track. What sort of range have you got; who's got almost 1:1, who's got the lowest ratio?
Are those exclamation marks forced too? lol
Be the change you want to see.
How much could you really do with 1 extra minute a day?
Nope, 17:00.
My wife is the same way. She just recently admitted that she used to eavesdrop from the bathroom while I was teaching our daughter how to read an analog clock so she could learn too. Now our 5 year old can do it just fine and my almost-30 year old wife still struggles to do it.
*Fortunately, I think that "Un" got stuck to it by accident!
Go back go back!..
Same here!
You're welcome. Almost-whistlers unite!
top part of your mouth has to go over the bottom half too.
You can, I do it when I whistle the Kill Bill theme.
As a challenge I once whistled without breaks for about twenty minutes. 

I whistle a lot anyway, and have a decent rangeand volume so people often answer the door before I knock. 
As a somewhat talented whistler, I do this all the time. I can sometimes hit higher notes while inhaling too. I think everyone at work hates me. 
just tried, i can kind of do it 
It's a bit more likely that you're trying to smile too hard. Picture taking is stressful. Try thinking of someone/something that makes you happy and it should be a more genuine. (Another trick I know only works if you can wiggle your ears: pull your ears back but don't let them fall forward again. The muscles pull your cheek muscles up a bit and then all you got to do is raise the corners of your mouth slightly. It's a very good way to get a genuine looking but fake smile
Where did you get that picture of me
The fact that the gif slowly zooms in makes it seem so much more menacing than it should.
wait a minute. When I was young my father told me to shit in a bucket. He left straight after... its been 28 years since then.... Dad?
That's pretty interesting, thank you.
I was hoping he was gonna floor it and smash the car at the end and then a little Asian dude gets out of the white car. 
yep you need that extra push. My dad did that for me but hopefully you can punch those butterflies out yourself if you have to man.
My penis can only get so erect!
Two of these questions would give me pause, and then I'd decide I really liked you making me think outside the box; the other two would urge me to finish the conversation as quickly as possible and hope you can't remember my face.
Try Agricola.

/r/boardgames 
But isn't a fork also a one-handed utensil? 
I'm suddenly more interested in learning how to use chopsticks.
On the floor! I hated that when I first moved to China, but now I miss restaurants like that late at night with extra baijiu.
I could never actually kill someone, I can barely punch someone in self defense.
I'm working on that. 
Yea. Theyre a force of habit. Haha
... it appears we've reached an impasse 
Now repeat...
We should start a band!
It's been 27 years, not 28. This is why I left in the first place. Brb, off to get some smokes, don't wait up.
Try settlers of lol jk fuck that game
Not when you've had 2 bottles of wine. 
Just like those guys can't be professional athletes. 

It's just an interest. I like your interest. I'm fascinated, but not to the same degree. 
Of course that's what you'd want us to think...
Excuse me, I thought I was speaking to a professional 
What common thing are you bad at?
